0
New Questions:
a. If I believe someone has used my content without permission, will Google assist me in taking action?
b. When I detect unauthorized use of my content, can Google help me with that and what actions do they usually take?
c. What steps can I take if someone is infringing my intellectual property rights by using my content without permission in Google services?
d. What measures does Google take against those who repeatedly infringe copyright in their services, and how can I report such cases?



1
New Questions:
a. When it comes to alleged copyright infringement, what actions does Google take to assist its users?
b. If someone claims their intellectual property rights are being violated on our platform, how do we respond?
c. What steps does Google take to support its users when there is a claim of intellectual property infringement?
d. If a user reports a suspected intellectual property infringement, how does Google assist them in resolving the issue?



2
New Questions:
a. Do I need permission from the creator of content displayed in Google Maps before using their content?
b. What are the consequences of altering any of Googles branding, logos or legal notices without following Google Brand Permissions page?
c. If I want to use content from other people or organizations in my service, what are the rules for doing so?
d. If someone uses content from a third party displayed in Google News, how should they handle any potential copyright issues?



3
New Questions:
a. If there is a law in my country that restricts me from resolving disputes with Google in California courts, where else can I seek legal recourse?
b. If the local law of my region disallows resolving disputes related to Google in any court, what are my options for dispute resolution?
c. If California law cannot be applied in my local court to settle disputes with Google, what law will govern those disputes?
d. In case local laws where I reside prevent me from taking Google to court in California and do not allow the application of California law, how should I proceed to resolve any disputes?



4
New Questions:
a. If a user is not allowed to file a lawsuit against Google in Californian courts due to local laws, can they file it in courts of their own country?
b. In what scenario a person can initiate legal proceedings against Google in courts other than those of Santa Clara County, California?
c. What are the conditions where local laws of a person's country, region or place of residence would govern the disputes with Google?
d. Can disputes with Google be settled in courts of a different jurisdiction if the local law prevents resolving them in Californian courts?



5
New Questions:
a. If I am a minor, do I require my parents' consent to use the YouTube platform?
b. If I am under 13 years old, can I use YouTube Kids without parental permission?
c. What age group can use YouTube Kids on the platform?
d. I am the parent of a minor using YouTube. What responsibilities do I have regarding my child's activity on the platform?



6
New Questions:
a. Do users need to be at least 13 years old to use the YouTube platform?
b. What are the age requirements for using YouTube Kids?
c. If a minor uses YouTube, is the parent or guardian responsible for their activity?
d. What permission do parents or guardians need to give for their children to use YouTube services?



7
a. When a user uploads content to YouTube, can YouTube remove it if it violates copyright rules or potentially causes harm to the platform without notifying the user and without providing reasons for the removal?

b. In what scenarios would YouTube remove content without disclosing the reasons behind its action, and what are those scenarios?

c. If YouTube decides to take down certain content based on its belief that it may cause legal liability for the platform, do they have to inform the content creator or uploader about the removal and its reasons?

d. Can YouTube remove content that it believes violates the platform's terms of service or may harm users or third parties without any prior notification or explanation to the content creator?



8
a. Is YouTube required to explain the rationale for removing content when it believes the removal is necessary to mitigate legal risks?
b. In what circumstances can YouTube remove content without explaining the rationale for doing so, and what are those circumstances?
c. YouTube's policies on content removal: When would YouTube terminate a user's access to the platform for repeated copyright infringements, and what steps does it take to do so?
d. If YouTube removes content in response to a notice of alleged copyright infringement, how does it handle appeals from the content creator about the decision to remove the content?



9
New Questions:
a. When deleting my YouTube account, can I also download a copy of my data?
b. What steps do I need to follow to stop using the YouTube Service while also retrieving my data?
c. If my YouTube account is terminated, can I still access some features without having an account?
d. If I think my YouTube account has been terminated mistakenly, how can I appeal the decision?



10
New Questions:
a. Can a user download his or her data before deleting the Service from their Google Account?
b. Is there an option to retrieve your data if your YouTube account is terminated?
c. Do users have the choice to backup their data before YouTube suspends or terminates their access?
d. What are the steps involved in downloading a user's data from YouTube prior to account termination?



11
New Questions:
a. If YouTube provides new features in its software, is it authorized to update them automatically on users' devices?

b. Is it part of the standard agreement that YouTube software can update automatically on users' devices?

c. When YouTube releases a new version of its software, what are the terms regarding automatic updates on user devices?

d. Users are not allowed to copy or modify the YouTube software without permission. Is there any specific permission from YouTube that needs to be obtained for these actions, or are these restrictions set in stone?



12
New Questions:
a. If my primary payment method fails, can Amazon charge another payment method linked to my account?
b. If my primary payment option is unavailable, is Amazon able to process payments from other methods associated with my account?
c. In case of payment issues, will Amazon try to charge any other valid payment method linked to my account?
d. If my default payment method is experiencing issues, can Amazon charge any other card associated with my Amazon account for the outstanding amount?



13
New Questions:
a. Can Amazon charge a different payment method if the primary one is experiencing issues and is it associated with the user's account?

b. If a user encounters payment issues with their primary payment method, are they required to provide another payment method for Amazon to continue their services?

c. In case of payment issues with a primary payment method, does Amazon have the authority to automatically charge another valid payment method linked to the user's account?

d. If a user's primary payment method fails, is Amazon permitted to seek payment through any other means associated with the user's Amazon account, or do they need to inform the user before doing so?



14
New Questions:
a. If I upload photos to Amazon, can Amazon grant permission to other users to use or modify these photos?
b. If I post a review on Amazon, can Amazon share my review with third-party partners for their own purposes?
c. When I submit content to Amazon, do I grant them the right to sublicense this content to other entities?
d. When I post content on Amazon, does it mean Amazon has the right to use my content in any way they see fit, even allowing third parties to do so?



15
New Questions:
a. Can Amazon legally sublicense content that users post on its platform?
b. What are the rights granted to Amazon when users post content on its website?
c. If I post content on Amazon, can Amazon grant a nonexclusive right to use this content to other parties?
d. What measures does Amazon take to monitor and regulate user-generated content, and what responsibilities does it bear in case of any issues with such content?



16
New Questions:
a. If a customer believes their intellectual property rights are being infringed on Amazon, what should they do?
b. What happens if a product purchased from Amazon is not as described?
c. Can Amazon change the price of an item after it has been ordered?
d. What is the procedure for returning items to Amazon and receiving a refund?



17
New Questions:
a. Can Amazon provide a refund without requiring the return of the item in some circumstances?
b. Are there situations where Amazon may grant a refund even if the item is not returned to the fulfillment center?
c. What are the specific conditions under which Amazon might issue a refund without the need for a return?
d. Can you provide an example of a scenario where Amazon would grant a refund without taking ownership of the refunded item?



18
a. If I have a dispute with Amazon regarding the use of its services, will it be resolved through arbitration?
b. When should I consider initiating arbitration proceedings against Amazon?
c. How do I start arbitration proceedings against Amazon for any claims I have?
d. What are the specific steps involved in the arbitration process against Amazon?



19
New Questions:
a. If a user has a dispute with an online retailer other than Amazon, but the dispute involves the use of Amazon Services, how should the dispute be resolved?

b. When would be the appropriate time to seek legal action in court against Amazon, rather than opting for arbitration?

c. In arbitration proceedings against Amazon, what are the rules and procedures that will be followed?

d. What are the conditions under which Amazon may seek legal action against a user in court?



20
New Questions:
a. "Does Instagram, which is part of the Facebook Company Products, promise to keep users' identities anonymous to advertisers?"
b. "Do we have any guarantee from WhatsApp, another Facebook product, that our personal data will not be shared with advertisers?"
c. "Do Facebook products agree to not show ads to users unless they have received explicit permission from users to share personal information?"
d. "By using Facebook services, do I have any assurance that my identity will not be disclosed to third-party advertisers without my consent?"



21
New Questions:
a. How does Facebook ensure the privacy of its users when showing personalized ads to them?
b. Can advertisers on Facebook know the specific identity of an individual user?
c. What kind of personal data does Facebook collect and use for showing ads?
d. Can I control the types of ads I see on Facebook and the information used to show them?



22
New Questions:
a. If my uploaded content on Facebook violates any terms or policies, will the platform inform me about the removal of such content?

b. Will Facebook notify users if it decides to restrict access to their content due to legal reasons?

c. In case Facebook removes any of my shared content, what are my options for requesting a review?

d. If I report any content or conduct that I believe violates my rights or Facebook's terms and policies, how does Facebook handle such reports?



23
New Questions:
a. If a user's content is removed by Facebook due to violation of Community Standards, will Facebook always inform the user about the removal of their content?

b. Does Facebook have a policy to notify users when their posts are in violation of the terms of service and may be removed?

c. In case Facebook removes a user's content, will the user be notified about the removal and given an option for further review, except in specific circumstances like repeated violations or legal liability issues?

d. When Facebook restricts or removes a user's content, under what circumstances will the user be informed about such actions and when won't they?



24
New Questions:
a. Can I be suspended from using a certain feature of a platform without being notified?
b. Are there circumstances where my account can be disabled without prior notification?
c. Under what circumstances may my social media account be restricted or terminated without notification?
d. Can platforms terminate my access without informing me first in some cases?



25
a. Are there instances where Facebook can disable a user's account without providing a prior notification, even if the user is unaware of any wrongdoing?

b. Can Facebook terminate an account without notifying the user in advance, especially if the user has not violated any Terms or Policies?

c. Are there specific scenarios where Facebook may suspend a user's account without explanation or notification?

d. Can Facebook restrict a user's access to their account without mentioning the reasons behind the suspension or termination?



26
New Questions:
a. As a user of Facebook Products residing in Australia, where can I raise a legal claim against Facebook?
b. If I encounter issues with Facebook Products while in the UK, what laws will apply to any potential disputes?
c. If I am not a consumer and have a dispute with Facebook over their Products, how should I proceed?
d. I am based in New York and want to know if there are any specific legal provisions for users of Facebook Products in this state?



27
a. Are users from any country allowed to file a legal claim against Facebook in their local courts?
b. If a user resides in a country where the laws are different from those of Facebook's headquarters, how would disputes be resolved?
c. For Facebook Products-related disputes, under what circumstances could legal proceedings take place in the State of California?
d. If a user from France wants to take legal action against Facebook, where could they do so and which laws would apply?



28
a. If the Services require payment in the future, will you be required to pay fees?
b. Are there any existing or future charges associated with using the Services?
c. Can I be charged for using the Services, either now or in the future?
d. Will I be charged for using the Services, and if so, under what circumstances?



29
a. Can users be charged a fee for accessing the Services, even if it's a new feature or addition to the existing Services?
b. If the Services begin charging fees in the future, what would the payment terms be?
c. Are there any existing fees for using the Services, and if so, what are they?
d. Is it possible for users to be charged in the future without any prior notification?



30
a. If I am below the minimum age limit but possess an existing Yahoo Family Account in the United States, may I utilize the services?

b. Regarding the use of services, is it permissible for individuals below the specified minimum age to have access if they hold a Yahoo Family Account in the US?

c. Can I use the services if I am below the minimum age but have a valid US Yahoo Family Account, despite the general restrictions?

d. For those with a Yahoo Family Account in the US, is there an exception for using the services if they are below the minimum age?



31
a. If you are under the Minimum Age as defined in the Services' terms for your region, you may not register for an account unless you are the holder of an existing US Yahoo Family Account. Therefore, having a US Yahoo Family Account does permit access to the services for a person who would otherwise not have such access due to their failure to meet the minimum age requirement.

b. What are the consequences for using the Services if you are not meeting the minimum age criteria?

c. Can a person who is not the holder of a US Yahoo Family Account use the Services if they are under the Minimum Age?

d. Can a person use the Services on behalf of a company or business entity if they do not meet the minimum age requirement?



32
New Questions:
a. Is Verizon responsible for any loss of data during service usage?
b. What measures are in place to ensure data security during service usage and what happens if there is a breach?
c. In case of data loss, what responsibilities do Verizon Media Entities bear, and how do they handle such incidents?
d. What guarantees do Verizon offer to their users about data storage and transmission, especially regarding security and privacy?



33
New Questions:
a. In the given contract, is there a limitation on Verizons liability in case of data loss?
b. Does the contract specify any restrictions on Verizons responsibility for data deletion?
c. Is Verizons liability for data deletion limited as per the terms of the contract?
d. What measures does the contract take to ensure that Verizons liability for data deletion is minimized?



34
New Questions:
a. Can a fee-based Service from Verizons Media automatically renew my subscription if I don't cancel it?
b. What happens if I don't cancel my subscription before the end of a free trial period for a fee-based Service?
c. What are the consequences if I fail to pay for a fee-based Service within 30 days?
d. What steps can Verizon take to verify the validity of my credit card information for anti-fraud purposes?"



35
New Questions:
a. Can media companies like Yahoo or Verizon continue charging a user's payment method after its expiration if the user hasn't canceled the subscription?
b. What are the circumstances under which a media company like Verizon can charge a user's payment method even if it has expired?
c. If my subscription to a fee-based Service is not canceled and my payment method expires, will Verizon still be able to charge me?
d. Can a company like Verizon Media charge my payment method beyond its expiry date without my consent?



36
a. Who bears the responsibility for complying with recording laws in the context of Zoom services?
b. What are the legal consequences for Zoom users if they do not comply with recording laws while using Zoom services?
c. Can Zoom users record Zoom meetings without consent from all participants? What are the conditions for doing so?
d. What are the rules regarding the use of recordings made through Zoom services, and who has ownership over these recordings?



37
a. Is the user responsible for complying with the laws related to the use of recordings while utilizing the Zoom services?
b. Do Zoom services involve user responsibilities in terms of compliance with recording laws?
c. In the context of Zoom services, are users required to adhere to any laws regarding recordings?
d. What are the responsibilities of users in relation to recording laws when using Zoom services?



38
New Questions:
a. Does Zoom bear any responsibility for the activities of users who access its Services through third-party platforms?
b. Can Zoom be held liable for any content viewed or shared by End Users on its platform?
c. Is Zoom responsible for any unauthorized access to Content on its platform?
d. What measures does Zoom take to ensure that End Users comply with the terms of its Agreement?



39
a. Does Zoom bear any responsibility for the actions of its users' end-users who violate the terms of service?
b. Is Zoom accountable for any violations committed by the end-users of its services?
c. What measures does Zoom take to ensure that its end-users comply with the terms of service?
d. In case of end-user violations, how does Zoom handle complaints and what actions can it take?



40
a. Does Zoom decline liability for any interruption in its services?
b. Is Zoom responsible for ensuring its services are always available without any interruption?
c. In case of service interruption, who bears the responsibility according to Zoom?
d. If Zoom's services are disrupted, what measures are in place to ensure customer satisfaction and accountability?



41
a. In the context of the agreement, does Zoom state that it is not responsible for any issues that may arise due to service interruption?

b. Is the agreement from Zoom explicit about not being accountable for any loss caused by its services being disrupted or unavailable?

c. Does the agreement state that Zoom bears no responsibility for any consequences resulting from the Services being unavailable or interrupted at any time?

d. In the terms and conditions, has Zoom specified that it is not accountable for any damage that may occur due to its services being temporarily suspended or disrupted?



42
New Questions:
a. If a court finds any section of the contract to be unenforceable, will the remaining portions of the contract still be binding?
b. What happens if a court declares a clause in the contract illegal or invalid? Will the other clauses still be effective?
c. In case a provision of the agreement is deemed unenforceable by a court, what would be the course of action for the remaining terms of the agreement?
d. What are the consequences if a court finds any part of this agreement to be invalid or unenforceable, and how will it affect the rest of the agreement?



43
a. If I encounter a dispute with Zoom, can I resolve it in a small claims court as per the terms of the agreement?
b. Can I initiate legal proceedings against Zoom in my local Small Claims Court as described in the contract?
c. Under what circumstances can I choose to initiate legal action against Zoom in a Small Claims Court as mentioned in the terms?
d. Are there any specific conditions or requirements to initiate a Small Claims Court action against Zoom as stated in the contract?



44
a. Do the terms of the agreement permit users to initiate legal proceedings against Zoom in courts of any jurisdiction?
b. Can a dispute with Zoom concerning service be settled through arbitration or is it only applicable for certain disputes?
c. If a user initiates a claim in Small Claims Court, what are the conditions that must be met by the user?
d. What are the specific steps involved in arbitration if a dispute remains unresolved according to Sections A and B of the contract?



45
New Questions:
a. Is it permissible for children below the age of 12 to create an account on the platform?
b. Can a 17-year-old use the Services without any parental consent?
c. What are the age requirements for using the platform's specific features or services?
d. Can an adult below the legal age in their country create an account on the website with their parent's consent?



46
New Questions:
a. Can a child who has reached the age of 12 years use the Services of Reddit?
b. Is it permissible for teenagers under the age of 18 to create an account on Reddit?
c. Do Reddit's services have any restrictions for users aged 13-17 years? If yes, what are those restrictions?
d. What are the specific conditions for children below the age of 13 to access Reddit services?



47
Original Question: Will these terms apply to future versions of the services?
New Questions:
a. Will these guidelines be applicable to any new products that are launched in the future?
b. Are these rules valid for future updates of the website or mobile app?
c. Will these conditions persist for future iterations of the service or only be applicable to the current version?
d. If we introduce new features or services, will these terms still be in effect and binding for users?



48
Original Question: Will the application of these terms extend to versions of the services developed hereafter?

New Questions:
a. Will these terms of service apply to future iterations of the product?
b. Are users of the updated services also bound by these terms?
c. If Reddit updates its platform, will the existing terms of service still apply?
d. What are the terms for using any newly developed or updated services from Reddit?



49
New Questions:
a. Can I conduct a competition on Reddit?
b. What regulations should I follow when using Reddit for a promotional event?
c. Am I responsible for ensuring my advertisement on Reddit complies with all laws and regulations?
d. If my promotion is not sponsored by Reddit, do I need to inform entrants or participants of this fact?



50
New Questions:
a. Can users of Reddit utilize its platform to organize contests or events as part of their content creation?
b. Is it allowed to conduct a promotion on Reddit, but with a clear disclaimer that it is not sponsored by Reddit?
c. If I want to run a promotion on Reddit, what legal requirements should I follow, and who bears the responsibility for complying with these regulations?
d. My promotion on Reddit includes a sweepstakes. What should I include in the rules to ensure Reddit isn't liable for any associated risks?



51
New Questions:
a. Are there any specific Reddit features or services that require payment to access?
b. Do I need to make any payment to use Reddit Premium or Virtual Goods?
c. Can I purchase certain services on Reddit that are not free?
d. Are there any Paid Services on Reddit, and what are they?



52
New Questions:
a. Are there any fees associated with using Reddit's Virtual Goods?

b. Can users purchase Reddit Premium without any additional charges?

c. How often may Reddit change the fees for its Paid Services?

d. What happens if I provide my payment information on Reddit?

e. If I purchase a Paid Service on Reddit, what do I need to agree to besides the general terms?



53
New Questions:
a. If I cancel my subscription to a service, will the terms of agreement still apply?
b. What sections of the agreement will remain in effect even after I deactivate my account?
c. Are there any provisions in the agreement that cannot be modified or unassigned by me?
d. What happens if I violate the content policy, will certain sections of the agreement still be valid?



54
New Questions:
a. Can specific sections survive the deactivation of a user's account?
b. What sections will remain in effect even after the conclusion of the agreement?
c. What happens if a user decides to terminate their account without deleting it?
d. What are the consequences of terminating the service for certain sections of the agreement?



55
New Questions:
a. Is it recommended to rely on Wikimedia content for professional advice on financial matters?
b. What measures does Wikimedia take to ensure the accuracy of content provided by fellow users?
c. What should users do if they encounter misleading or erroneous information on Wikimedia?
d. Does Wikimedia provide any guarantee for the reliability of the content hosted on its platform?



56
New Questions:
a. Do the terms of the Privacy Policy prohibit using the content as professional legal advice?
b. Is it stated in the terms that the content should not be used for medical diagnosis or treatment?
c. Can users rely on the information provided on our platform as professional financial advice?
d. Does the content on our website constitute as formal legal or medical opinions?



57
New Questions:
a. Can I receive payment for contributing to a Wikimedia Project if I publicly disclose who is paying me?
b. What are the rules for receiving payment for writing or editing content on a Wikimedia site, and do I need to make any specific disclosure?
c. If I am offered payment to contribute to a Wikimedia Project, what steps should I take to ensure compliance with the community's rules and guidelines?
d. Can I engage in paid contributions on the Wikimedia Foundation website, and if so, what are the disclosure requirements I must follow?



58
New Questions:
a. Can Wikipedia contributors receive compensation for their contributions if they publicly disclose the source of payment?
b. What are the disclosure requirements for Wikipedia contributors who receive or expect to receive payment for their contributions?
c. How should a Wikipedia contributor disclose their affiliation or employer if they are receiving payment for their contributions?
d. What are the specific guidelines for disclosing paid contributions in the edit summary or on the talk page in Wikipedia?



59
New Questions:
a. Can I disclose my paid contributions by mentioning it on my user page?
b. What are the specific guidelines for disclosing conflicts of interest in my contributions?
c. If I am part of a community that adopts an alternative paid contribution disclosure policy, do I need to follow the general disclosure requirements?
d. If I make uncompensated contributions, do I still need to disclose any information about my affiliation or employer?



60
a. If I contribute text to Wikipedia, can it be used by others for commercial purposes?

b. Under what circumstances can my Wikipedia contributions be used by others, and are there any restrictions on such usage?

c. What are the specific licenses that apply to my contributions on Wikipedia, and do they allow for commercial use?

d. When I contribute content to Wikipedia, are there any requirements for attribution or licensing that I should be aware of?



61
a. Is the text content in Wikipedia available for commercial use, according to its licensing terms?
b. Is it permissible to use text contributed to Wikipedia for commercial purposes, given its licensing requirements?
c. In light of the licensing requirements, can contributors to Wikipedia utilize their contributions for commercial purposes?
d. Can contributors to Wikipedia make commercial use of their submitted text content, considering the specified licenses?



62
a. Is the Wikimedia Foundation responsible for ensuring the security of its services?
b. How does the Wikimedia Foundation handle security risks and issues?
c. What kind of security measures does the Wikimedia Foundation take to protect its users' data?
d. Can users be held responsible for any damage caused by using Wikimedia services?



63
a. Does the Wikimedia Foundation deny any responsibility for the security of its educational content?

b. In case of any data loss due to using Wikimedia services, is the foundation not liable?

c. Are users solely responsible for any damage to their systems from using Wikimedia services?

d. Does the Wikimedia Foundation exclude any warranty for its services, including safety and security?



64
New Questions:
a. 在Shopify定价计划中，我可以创建多少个员工账户？
b. 对于Shopify服务，一个Store Owner可以开设多少个在线商店或实体零售店？
c. 如果我不想使用Shopify自动创建的PayPal Express Checkout账户或Shopify Payments账户，我应该怎么做？
d. 如果我选择停用Apple Pay账户，会有什么影响？是否仍然可以在不使用Apple Pay的情况下运营我的Shopify商店？



65
New Questions:
a. In Shopify, can a Store Owner create multiple accounts for their staff?
b. What is the maximum number of Staff Accounts that a Shopify Store Owner can create based on their pricing plan?
c. Is there a limit to the number of staff accounts a Shopify Store Owner can have?
d. What happens if a Shopify Store Owner exceeds the limit on the number of staff accounts they are allowed to create?



66
New Questions:
a. In the given contract, is business plan information confidential?
b. If a party wants to share Confidential Information with its employees, agents, and subcontractors, what are the conditions?
c. What steps should a party take to protect the confidentiality of the information it receives?
d. What are the circumstances where disclosure of Confidential Information is allowed according to the contract?



67
New Questions:
a. Do the terms consider customer feedback as Confidential Information?
b. Is financial data included in the Confidential Information as stated in the contract?
c. What measures should be taken to protect Confidential Information under this agreement?
d. What happens if the disclosing party tries to share information that is already in the public domain?



68
New Questions:
a. When using a beta service from Shopify, am I not allowed to discuss it with others?
b. Can I share my participation in Shopify's beta services without the company's consent?
c. Does Shopify have any confidentiality requirements for its beta services?
d. What are the consequences if I publicly disclose my participation in Shopify's beta services without permission?



69
New Questions:
a. Can a participant in Beta Services make any public statements about their participation without Shopify's consent?
b. Is there a confidentiality clause in the agreement that covers participation in Shopify Beta Services?
c. What are the consequences of disclosing participation in Shopify Beta Services without written consent?
d. Are users of Shopify Beta Services bound by any specific confidentiality provisions regarding their participation?



70
New Questions:
a. Do online marketplaces prohibit the transfer of user accounts without their explicit consent?
b. Can a user transfer their account to another party without the platform's approval?
c. If a user tries to transfer their account without the website's consent, what measures might the website take?
d. Is it permissible for a user to transfer their account if they are not actively using it for a long time?



71
a. Can eBay limit my Services if my payment method fails?
b. If my account is past due, what are the consequences of not paying the fees on time?
c. What happens if I have a dispute with the information eBay reported to a credit bureau?
d. In what situations can eBay collect sales taxes from me?



72
New Questions:
a. If a seller's payment method fails, can eBay suspend their account or limit its Services?
b. If a seller owes payment for using eBay Services, what are the collection methods that eBay may use?
c. What happens if a seller disputes the information reported by eBay to a credit bureau?
d. eBay decides to display advertisements from third-party in its Services. How could this affect sellers' item exposure?



73
New Questions:
a. If I place a successful offer on an item on a different online marketplace, am I legally obliged to complete the purchase?
b. When purchasing a property at an auction, do I enter into a legally binding contract once I place the highest bid?
c. On what conditions can a buyer retract their bid on an item before a formal contract is formed?
d. When buying goods online, do I need to worry about any legal ownership transfers between the seller and myself?



74
New Questions:
a. When purchasing an item on a platform, do I enter into a legally binding contract if I make a successful bid or offer?
b. In case of motor vehicles and real estate purchases, how does a bid or offer differ from a formal contract?
c. What role do Utah Code Annotated 70A-2-401(2) and Uniform Commercial Code 2-401(2) play in the transfer of ownership between buyer and seller?
d. If I win a bid on an item, what are my responsibilities as a buyer, and does this entail any legal obligations?



75
New Questions:
a. When I list my items on eBay, can eBay translate my product listings into other languages even if I haven't requested for it?
b. If my product listing is automatically translated by eBay into another language, will the translation be accurate?
c. What are the circumstances where eBay might translate my product listings into other languages?
d. Will eBay inform me if it decides to translate my product listings into other languages?



76
a. If a user wants their product listing to be translated for a particular country, how does eBay handle such requests?

b. In what scenario would eBay translate product listings for sellers or buyers who are not fluent in English?

c. eBay provides translation tools for international buyers and sellers. Can these tools be used without explicit user requests?

d. Can eBay automatically translate product listings into local languages even if the seller or buyer hasn't specifically requested for it?



77
New Questions:
a. Can eBay make autodialed or prerecorded calls to contact its users?
b. Does eBay contact its users for marketing purposes through autodialed or prerecorded calls and text messages?
c. Can eBay share user telephone numbers with its authorized service providers?
d. What are the purposes of monitoring or recording telephone conversations between users and eBay or its agents?



78
a. Does any online marketplace have the authority to make automated phone calls?
b. If a company offers the option to contact customers through autodialed or prerecorded calls, are they required to inform customers about it?
c. Can eBay use autodialed or prerecorded calls to reach out to its customers for marketing purposes?
d. Can eBay record telephone conversations with its customers for quality control and training purposes?



79
a. How can I modify the return preferences for my eBay account?
b. Can I change the default return policy set by eBay for my listings?
c. What are the steps to customize return policy rules in eBay for specific products?
d. What are the options available to me as a seller to alter my return policy on eBay?



80
a. What options do eBay sellers have regarding returns and refunds under specific circumstances?
b. Can sellers customize their return preferences in their account settings on eBay?
c. Under what circumstances will eBay generate a return shipping label for sellers to provide to buyers?
d. If an item is returned due to being not as described, who bears the cost of return shipping?
e. What happens if a seller fails to send a return shipping label to the buyer and an eBay-generated shipping label is used instead?
f. How does the eBay Money Back Guarantee work, and what is a seller's responsibility under this policy?
g. What actions can eBay take if a seller does not reimburse a buyer or eBay under the eBay Money Back Guarantee?
h. Under what circumstances may eBay suspend the eBay Money Back Guarantee?



81
a. Can users opt out of arbitration proceedings mentioned in the contract?
b. How can a user opt out of the arbitration agreement if they are a new user?
c. What is the deadline for opting out of the arbitration agreement?
d. What happens if a user opts out of the arbitration agreement?



82
a. Are eBay users allowed to opt-out of the arbitration agreement?
b. What is the procedure to opt-out of the arbitration agreement?
c. What are the requirements for a valid Opt-Out Notice?
d. What happens if a user opts out of the arbitration agreement?



83
New Questions:
a. What are the legal implications if I redistribute the Software without following the terms of the License Agreement?
b. What are the consequences if I copy the Software to another server for further distribution without explicit permission from Microsoft?
c. What are the specific legal consequences if I attempt to sell software downloaded from Microsoft's services?
d. If I distribute or copy the Software in violation of the License Agreement, what legal actions can Microsoft take against me?



84
a. Does Microsoft's terms of use agreement prohibit users from engaging in unauthorized distribution of software?
b. What are the legal consequences for users who violate the terms of use by selling software without authorization?
c. Is Microsoft's software subject to any specific legal restrictions or conditions of use that prohibit unauthorized reselling?
d. If a user is caught reselling Microsoft software without permission, what legal action can Microsoft take against such user?



85
New Questions:
a. Can educational institutions distribute Microsoft documents like white papers and press releases for educational purposes?
b. Is it permissible for colleges to share Microsoft's technical documents within their classes?
c. In academic institutions, can teachers provide Microsoft FAQs as part of their teaching materials?
d. Are educational institutions authorized to provide Microsoft documents to students for educational use only?



86
New Questions:
a. Is Microsoft liable for any data loss incurred while using its software services?
b. Will Microsoft be responsible for any kind of data loss that may occur due to its website services?
c. Are users responsible for any loss of data that might arise from using Microsoft's services, as stated in their terms of service?
d. In case of data loss due to Microsoft services, the company bears no responsibility, doesn't it?



87
New Questions:
a. Do the terms of use of the website prohibit the user from making any modifications to the Documents available on the site?
b. If a user downloads a Document from Microsoft.com for educational purposes, what are the allowed actions regarding its distribution?
c. Is Microsoft's copyright notice required in all copies of the Documents, and if so, what is the specific format of this notice?
d. What are the legal consequences for using Microsoft Documents without following the specified conditions in the permission notice?



88
New Questions:
a. Is Microsoft permitted to take legal action against me if my account is hacked and causes harm to the company?
b. If an unauthorized user accesses my account and causes damage to Microsoft or its services, can Microsoft pursue legal action against me?
c. Can Microsoft hold me responsible for any damage done to their company or services due to someone using my account, even if I didn't know about it?
d. In case someone uses my account without my permission and causes harm to Microsoft, am I legally responsible for any losses incurred by the company?



89
New Questions:
a. Can a user be held liable for any losses incurred by Microsoft due to a security breach of their account, even if they were not directly involved in the breach?

b. What are the circumstances under which Microsoft can claim damages from a user for using someone else's account without permission?

c. If a user's account is compromised and leads to Microsoft or third-party losses, what steps should the user take to mitigate potential liability?

d. In case of unauthorized use of a user's account, how does Microsoft handle such incidents and what measures are in place to protect its users and itself from potential losses?



90
a. When I provide feedback to Microsoft about its services, can Microsoft display that feedback publicly or share it with its affiliated companies?

b. If I submit my ideas or suggestions to Microsoft, will Microsoft have the rights to use them in its business operations?

c. If I post my feedback on any Microsoft website, will Microsoft be able to copy, distribute and display it publicly?

d. By providing feedback to Microsoft, do I grant permission for Microsoft to share and use my feedback for its business purposes, including public display?



91
a. Is it acceptable for Microsoft to display public feedback from its users on its website?
b. Can Microsoft share user suggestions with its affiliated companies for further analysis?
c. If a user posts feedback on Microsoft's website, does Microsoft have the right to use it for its internal purposes?
d. Can Microsoft make any user submissions, including feedback and suggestions, available to the general public on its platform?



92
Original Question: Can I share racist content that's necessary for teaching a civics class on racism?
New Questions:
a. Can I share controversial content that's relevant to a debate class on sensitive topics?
b. Can I share content that's critical of a political party for the purpose of education in a political science class?
c. Can I share historical content that's related to my cultural heritage in a cultural studies class, even if it's controversial?
d. If I'm teaching a course on social issues, can I share materials that might be controversial but are deemed necessary for educational purposes?



93
Original Question: Are users permitted to share racist content provided that such content is used in the context of educational activities relating to racism?
New Questions:
a. Can users share controversial content for educational purposes, specifically addressing discrimination?
b. Is it permissible for users to share sensitive topics like racial bias within the framework of cultural criticism?
c. What kind of content can users share for educational purposes on the platform, and what restrictions apply?
d. Can users share content that focuses on social issues like racial inequality, and if so, under what conditions?



94
New Questions:
a. Is the user responsible for any issues arising from content downloaded from the service, as per the terms stated by Instructure?

b. Instructure's statement about not being liable for any harm caused by factors beyond their control, does it mean that users should be prepared to face any consequences related to content they access or download from the service?

c. According to the contract, if I encounter any problematic content while using the service, am I solely responsible for any harm it may cause?

d. Does the contract imply that users should accept all risks associated with downloading or accessing content from the service, as Instructure will not be liable for any resulting harm?



95
New Questions:
a. Can users be held responsible for any issues arising from downloading content through Instructure's services?
b. Does the service agreement protect Instructure from any claims related to content downloaded by users from its services?
c. What measures does the agreement take to clarify the responsibility for content downloaded or accessed from the service?
d. What are the specific limitations of liability for Instructure in relation to content downloaded by users, as stated in the contract?



96
Original Question: Are there some changes to the terms that Instructure might not let me know about?
New Questions:
a. Are there any updates to the guidelines that may occur without notifying users?
b. Can modifications to the AUP Guidelines be made without my knowledge?
c. How will I be notified if there are any changes to the AUP Guidelines, and could I miss out on some updates?
d. Are there any circumstances where Instructure may revise the AUP Guidelines without providing any notice?



97
a. If I have a Netflix membership, will it continue billing me even if I don't cancel it?
b. If I sign up for a Netflix free trial, will it automatically charge me after the trial period unless I cancel?
c. How can I ensure that Netflix doesn't bill me unless I want it to?
d. What happens if I forget to cancel my Netflix membership before the end of the free trial period?



98
Original Question: Other than in the event that a user cancels his or her Netflix subscription, are Netflix subscriptions automatically renewed and users correspondingly billed?

New Questions:
a. In the absence of a user's cancellation, is Netflix membership automatically renewed and will charges be made to the user's Payment Method?
b. If a Netflix user fails to cancel their subscription before the billing date, what action is taken and how are charges handled?
c. What happens if a Netflix member doesn't cancel their subscription before the end of their membership term? Will they be automatically billed for another term?
d. For Netflix subscriptions, do users need to manually renew their membership each time or will it be automatically renewed at the end of each billing cycle?



99
Original Question: Do some Netflix special offers have different terms?
New Questions:
a. Can Netflix membership plans offered by third parties have their own specific terms?
b. Are there any conditions or limitations that come with Netflix's free trial membership?
c. Do promotional Netflix membership plans have unique conditions or requirements?
d. What are the terms and conditions of a Netflix membership plan that is offered in conjunction with a third party's products or services?



100
New Questions:
a. Are promotional offers or discounts on Netflix memberships subject to any specific conditions or limitations?
b. Can a customer who has previously had a Netflix membership be eligible for a free trial?
c. What information does Netflix use to determine eligibility for a free trial?
d. If a customer is not satisfied with Netflix service during the free trial period, are they still obligated to pay the membership fee for the next billing cycle?



101
a. If I cancel my Netflix membership today, will I still be able to use the service until the end of the current billing period?

b. When I cancel my Netflix subscription, how long will I be able to continue using the service?

c. What happens if I cancel my Netflix membership during the middle of my billing cycle?

d. When my Netflix membership is cancelled, will the service remain active until the end of the billing period or will it be terminated immediately?



102
a. When a user cancels their Netflix subscription, will they still be able to access the service until the end of their current billing period?

b. In case of Netflix subscription cancellation, how long will the user be able to continue using the service until their account is automatically closed?

c. If a customer decides to cancel their Netflix membership, at what point will their account be closed?

d. Upon cancellation of Netflix membership, will the user have access to the service until the end of the billing period specified on their "Account" page?



103
a. If I am 17 years old and the age of majority in my country is 18, can I create a Netflix account?
b. Can a person who is one year away from reaching the legal adult age in their country create a Netflix account? Explain your answer based on the service's terms of use.
c. According to Netflix's terms of service, what is the minimum age requirement to become a member of the Netflix service? What are the restrictions for minors?
d. What happens if a person below the age requirement tries to create a Netflix account? How does Netflix handle such cases?



104
a. In areas where the age of majority is 17, can individuals at that age sign up for Netflix without parental supervision?

b. Can a person who just attained the legal age of majority in their region enroll in Netflix without parental consent?

c. In regions where 17 is the age of majority, will Netflix allow individuals at this age to create their own account and start streaming content?

d. What are the minimum requirements for age to become a Netflix member in areas where the age of majority is below 18?



105
New Questions:
a. What are the minimum internet speed requirements for viewing Netflix content in SD quality?
b. If my internet speed is below the recommended speed for HD content, what quality of content may I still be able to view on Netflix?
c. Can I use the Netflix service if my location doesn't offer the service or if the content is not licensed in my country?
d. What happens if I try to access Netflix content that is not available in my geographic location or subscription plan?



106
New Questions:
a. Can a user with a 0.7 Mbps internet connection view Netflix content in Ultra HD format?
b. What factors could affect the quality of Netflix content displayed on different devices?
c. What measures can Netflix take against users who violate its terms of use?
d. What are some examples of activities that are not allowed while using the Netflix service according to its terms of use?



107
New Questions:
a. Is the person who created the Netflix account responsible for maintaining account security and not sharing the password with others?
b. What measures should the Account Owner take to prevent unauthorized access to the Netflix account?
c. What happens if the Account Owner fails to maintain control over the Netflix-ready devices and someone else accesses the account?
d. Can Netflix terminate an account if the Account Owner shares the password with others, and what are the consequences of such termination?



108
New Questions:
a. When a person allows their family members to access their Netflix account to watch content, should they avoid sharing the account password?
b. If a user wants to share their Netflix account with family members, what should they do to ensure account security?
c. Is it recommended for Netflix account holders to share their passwords with others when they are not present? Explain your answer.
d. If someone enables others to access their Netflix account, what measures should they take to prevent unauthorized access to their viewing history?



109
a. If I refuse remote access support from Netflix, what other forms of customer support are available?
b. Can Netflix provide assistance without using a remote access support tool?
c. Describe an alternative method of customer support offered by Netflix if I do not consent to remote access.
d. What measures does Netflix take to assist me if I decline remote access support?



110
New Questions:
a. If a Netflix user needs assistance with their account, what other options are available besides remote access support?
b. What measures does Netflix take to ensure customer support is accessible to users who do not want remote access?
c. Can Netflix customers seek assistance through the company's website or is there a specific contact number for customer support?
d. What happens if a Netflix user encounters any conflict between the information provided by customer support and the company's terms of use?



111
Original Question: Do the foregoing terms apply to websites other than cnn.com?
New Questions:
a. Do these terms of use cover other websites owned by CNN besides CNN.com?
b. What are the terms and conditions for using other websites operated by Cable News Network, Inc.?
c. Do the terms mentioned here apply to all CNN platforms, including mobile applications and social media pages?
d. If I access HLNtv.com or CNNI.com, do I need to adhere to the same terms and conditions as CNN.com?



112
New Questions:
a. Can I download any content from the Site for personal use, even if it's copyrighted?
b. Can I redistribute or publish any downloaded content from the Site without CNN's permission?
c. What happens if I change the copyright notice or author attribution of downloaded material?
d. If I download a copyrighted video from the Site, do I acquire any ownership rights?



113
New Questions:
a. 在哪些情况下用户被允许下载版权保护的图片内容？
b. 是否有特定的条款允许用户在某些情况下修改并分享版权材料？
c. 如果用户确实需要下载并使用版权材料，他们需要遵守哪些规定？
d. 如果下载并使用了版权材料，除了获得CNN的明确许可外，用户还需要注意什么？



114
Original Question: Can I use medical information from CNN for my general education?
New Questions:
a. Can I rely on health education content from a different news website for my fundamental knowledge?
b. For basic understanding of fitness and nutrition, can I refer to information provided by a media company?
c. Is it acceptable to use online news platform's health information for general knowledge purposes?
d. Can I consider using news website's health-related content as part of my general education about health and nutrition?



115
a. Does the website permit utilizing its educational content for general knowledge purposes?
b. Can users of the site rely on the health and nutrition information provided for general guidance?
c. Is CNN's educational material suitable for medical advice or treatment?
d. What are the limitations on using the medical information provided on the site?



116
New Questions:
a. 在使用网站时，我是否有可能对其他子公司及其各自的董事、高级职员、雇员和代理人承担法律责任？

b. 我违反使用条款后，是否会导致除CNN以外的其他公司的账户被立即终止？

c. 条款中是否说明，因我在网站上的行为而导致其他商标所有者的权利受损，我可能需要承担责任？

d. 如果我在使用网站时违反了条款，除了CNN外，我是否还需要对其他实体进行赔偿并承担法律责任？



117
New Questions:
a. Can the defense obligations under the indemnification clause encompass organizations besides CNN's subsidiaries?

b. In the event of a termination, will the user still be liable for any existing indemnification obligations towards CNN and its affiliates?

c. If CNN decides to terminate a user's account due to a breach of terms, can the user still be held responsible for indemnifying CNN for any claims arising from the user's past activities on the site?

d. If the user is found to be in breach of these terms and conditions, what measures can CNN take to protect its trademarks and logos used on the site?



118
Original Question: If one of the terms isn't valid, can the rest of the terms be valid?
New Questions:
a. If a section of the contract is deemed invalid, are the other sections still binding?
b. Can the validity of certain clauses in an agreement be affected if one clause is deemed unenforceable?
c. If a provision of this contract is found to be unlawful, will the remaining provisions still be considered valid?
d. Suppose a particular term in the agreement is deemed void, would that affect the validity of the other terms in the agreement?



119
New Questions:
a. Do the terms of the agreement specify the provision to be severed if any term is found to be unenforceable?
b. If a term in the contract is deemed invalid, what is the process for handling such a situation as per the agreement?
c. How does the agreement handle situations where certain terms are unenforceable or unlawful, and what happens if such terms are deemed severable?
d. If any provision in this contract is deemed unenforceable or void, will it affect the other provisions of the agreement, and how will such situation be addressed?



120
New Questions:
a. If I believe that my work has been plagiarized by NBC, what steps can I take?
b. What actions does Fox News take when it receives complaints about copyright infringement of its content?
c. How should I proceed if I discover that my article has been unlawfully copied on a news website?
d. What measures does CNN have in place to handle claims of copyright infringement from its users or external parties?



121
New Questions:
a. Does CNN have measures in place to handle copyright infringement claims related to content published on its website?
b. Could you tell me about CNN's approach to dealing with alleged copyright infringements involving its news articles?
c. CNN's policy on copyright infringement: Does it cover all forms of content published by CNN, including written articles?
d. Please provide details of the procedures CNN has in place to address claims of copyright infringement involving its digital content.



122
New Questions:
a. Can you provide more details on what constitutes as inappropriate content on Xbox Services?
b. What are the consequences if I violate the Code of Conduct for Xbox Services?
c. Can Microsoft monitor all activities on Xbox Services to ensure users are following the rules?
d. What are the specific rules for sharing content on Xbox Services, and what happens if I share unauthorized content?



123
New Questions:
a. Are there any specific rules for using the services provided by Microsoft that I should be aware of?
b. If I violate the rules for using Microsoft services, what are the possible consequences?
c. Can I access Xbox online services and other Microsoft services without adhering to any codes of conduct?
d. Can violating the Code of Conduct for Xbox Services result in any financial losses for me?



124
New Questions:
a. Can my work organization track my activities on Microsoft applications accessed through my work email account?
b. If I use my school email to log into Microsoft services, can my school review my online activities and files?
c. By using a work email to sign into Microsoft services, do I agree to allow my company to access and process my Data?
d. When using Microsoft services with a work or school email, do I agree to share my Microsoft account details with the organization associated with that email?



125
New Questions:
a. When using a work or school email to sign into Microsoft services, can the organization's owner monitor the user's activities on those services?
b. If I use my work email to access Microsoft services, can my company be notified of my account's existence and its associated subscriptions?
c. In case of a Microsoft account compromise, can the owner of the domain associated with my email address be notified by Microsoft?
d. If my school provides access to Microsoft services, can the school access and process the data I share on those services, including my files and communications?



126
a. Are there any services that do not require a data/cellular plan for access?
b. Could there be certain features within the Services that don't need additional equipment like a headset?
c. Are there any Services offered by Microsoft that don't require an internet connection?
d. If I use certain Services, are there any instances where I wouldn't need to access the internet to use them?



127
a. Are there any Services that can be used without an internet connection or data plan?
b. Are there circumstances where you can access Microsoft Services without additional equipment?
c. Can you use certain Microsoft Services even if you don't have a headset, camera or microphone?
d. Can any of the Microsoft Services be accessed without being connected to the internet or having a data plan?



128
New Questions:
a. When Microsoft makes changes to the Services or Software, will it always notify its users about the updates?
b. If Microsoft decides to alter the features of a particular Service, how will it inform its users about such changes?
c. What are the circumstances under which Microsoft may change its terms of service, and how does it inform its users about these changes?
d. In case of any updates to the Services or Software, how often does Microsoft usually notify its users and how does it do so?



129
New Questions:
a. Is it necessary for users to be notified about any changes in the terms of service?
b. How will Microsoft notify users about changes to its terms?
c. Do Microsoft provide any specific timing or frequency for updating its terms of service?
d. In case of any disagreement with the new terms, are there specific actions stated for users to follow?



130
a. Could using a virtual private network (VPN) alter the prices displayed for Microsoft services?

b. If a user connects to the Internet using a corporate VPN, how might that affect the prices for Microsoft products?

c. In what scenario might a VPN cause discrepancies in the prices for Microsoft services?

d. What are the possible consequences of using a VPN while purchasing Microsoft services, in terms of pricing?



131
a. Are there any additional charges for using VPN or similar technologies while accessing Microsoft products and services?
b. Could a VPN or similar technology alter the displayed prices for Microsoft's paid products and services?
c. If a user accesses Microsoft services through a corporate network, could this affect their bill or the pricing of services?
d. Can using VPNs or similar technologies result in any changes to the charges listed for Microsoft subscription Services?



132
New Questions:
a. Can Microsoft automatically update my games even if I am not signed into my Xbox account?
b. What are the steps to change my application update settings in case I do not want automatic updates?
c. If I rate or review an application in a Microsoft Store, will I receive emails from the application developer?
d. What safety measures should I follow while using games or other applications to avoid potential discomfort or injury?



133
New Questions:
a. Can I download content from The New York Times for personal reading?
b. Is it permissible to copy New York Times articles for offline reading?
c. What are the rules for downloading and saving New York Times content for later use?
d. If I want to save New York Times articles for personal use, do I need to obtain permission from the copyright holder?



134
a. When I leave a comment on an NYT article, how is my content managed by the NYT team?

b. In what scenarios can the NYT modify my submitted content?

c. If I agree to submit a comment on NYT Services, what rights am I granting to NYT in terms of modifying or using my content?

d. What are the circumstances under which NYT may edit or delete my comments on its website?



135
New Questions:
a. Can the website modify or delete user-generated content if it violates its terms of service?
b. What are the consequences for uploading content that is illegal or violates any law on the Services?
c. What kind of content is not allowed on the Services, and what happens if such content is uploaded?
d. If I make a Submission, will NYT use it for purposes other than displaying it on the Site and in the Services?



136
New Questions:
a. Do the terms of use prohibit the use of scraping tools to collect data from the services provided by any other party?
b. Are users allowed to scrape content from other sources using automated tools while using the NYT services?
c. If a user is found scraping content from the NYT services, what penalties can be imposed on them?
d. What actions are prohibited when accessing or using the NYT services, specifically related to content scraping or data mining?



137
New Questions:
a. What legal responsibilities do users have towards NYT if they submit inaccurate information?
b. Does the age requirement in these terms of service apply to all users or only to certain activities on the platform?
c. What kind of information should users not rely on from the Services and what risks are they taking if they do so?
d. What are the limits of liability for the NYT parties in case of any damage or loss incurred by users due to the use of the Services?



138
New Questions:
a. Can users be held responsible for any claims arising from the content they submit through their account?
b. What are the consequences if a user under the age of eighteen uses the service without their parent or legal guardian's consent?
c. How does NYT handle claims made against it by third parties regarding the content provided by users?
d. What kind of liability does NYT bear if any discrepancies or errors occur in the services or content it provides?



139
Original Question: If Im 17, do I need my parents consent to visit NYtimes.com?
New Questions:
a. If I'm 16 years old, do I need my parents' permission to access the New York Times website?
b. What age do I need to be to visit NYtimes.com without parental consent?
c. If I am a minor in the United States, do I need my parents' consent to use any part of the New York Times Services?
d. In the USA and UK, how old do you have to be to use the New York Times website or its Services without any parental supervision?



140
a. Does NYT need parental consent for 17-year-olds who want to use its services?

b. What age requirement does NYT have for using its services, and what happens if a person under that age wants to use the services without parental consent?

c. If a person aged 17 wants to sign up for NYT services, what steps should they take to ensure compliance with the company's policies?

d. Can a person aged 17 use NYT services without their parents' knowledge or consent? What are the consequences if they do so?



141
New Questions:
a. Do the terms of use cover additional guidelines or rules posted on other platforms of the Twitch Services?
b. Are there any specific terms that will apply if I avail of certain paid services offered by Twitch?
c. What happens if I am using Twitch on behalf of my company or organization and I do not have the authority to bind it to these terms?
d. Are there any age restrictions or legal provisions that prohibit certain individuals from using the Twitch Services?



142
New Questions:
a. Do the guidelines incorporated by reference in these terms include the community guidelines of the Twitch services?
b. Does reading and understanding these terms of service bind a user to its agreement, or is there a separate process required?
c. If a user is using Twitch on behalf of a company, what are their representations and warranties according to these terms?
d. If a user is between the ages of 13 and the legal majority in their jurisdiction, who must agree to these terms of service?



143
New Questions:
a. Does Twitch allow users aged 12 years to use its services even with parental consent?
b. For users between the ages of 13 and legal adulthood in their region, do they need parental consent to use Twitch services?
c. What age limit does Twitch set for its services, and what happens if a user under this age tries to access them?
d. Are there any specific legal regulations or export restrictions that prohibit certain individuals from using Twitch services?



144
New Questions:
a. Can I use a third-party service to create a new account on Twitch?
b. Are there any other ways to sign up for a Twitch account besides directly through Twitch?
c. What are the consequences if I try to use a third party to gain access to my Twitch account without permission?
d. If I choose to connect my Twitch account with a third-party service, how will my personal information be handled?



145
New Questions:
a. When opening an account on Twitch, can users grant others access to their account information?

b. What are the consequences if a user permits someone else to use their account credentials on Twitch?

c. Does Twitch permit the sharing of account passwords or providing access to third parties for any reason?

d. If a user decides to connect their Twitch account with a third-party service, how is their personal information handled by both Twitch and the third-party?



146
a. Rights of Twitch to Use User Content for Promotion
After you delete your User Content from the Twitch Services or close your account, Twitch may still use it for promotional purposes, except in cases where the content was shared with others as part of the Twitch Services and they copied or stored portions of the User Content, or where the reasonable time it takes to remove it from backup and other systems is not expired yet. This means that even after you remove your content, Twitch can still use it to advertise and market the platform, unless certain conditions are met.

b. Duration of Rights Granted to Twitch
The rights you grant to Twitch, as stated in the contract, are for the maximum duration permitted by applicable law. This means that unless otherwise agreed in a written agreement between you and Twitch, the rights you grant are indefinite and could continue even after the deletion of your User Content. However, if your User Content contains information about third parties, you must ensure that you have obtained the appropriate consents and licenses for their use.

c. Use of User Content for Advertising and Marketing
Your User Content may be used by Twitch for advertising and marketing purposes, in addition to being used for promoting and redistributing parts or all of the Twitch Services. This includes using your name, identity, likeness, voice, and other biographical information that you submit in connection with such User Content. However, if your User Content is removed or deleted from the Twitch Services, Twitch may still retain server copies of it for backup purposes but will not display, distribute, or perform them.

d. Consequences of Violating Representations and Warranties
If you violate the representations and warranties stated in the contract, such as submitting content that infringes third-party rights or contains harmful code, Twitch reserves the right to take action against you. This action could include terminating your account or seeking legal remedies. Despite this, even if your account is closed or your content deleted, Twitch may still use it for promotional purposes as long as it does not violate any of your rights or the terms of the service.



147
a. Rights to User Content after Deletion for Advertising and Marketing
If you delete your User Content from the Twitch Services, Twitch's rights to use such content for advertising and marketing purposes will depend on the specific circumstances. Generally, once you delete User Content, the rights you granted Twitch to use that content would terminate, except in certain cases where:

i. The content was shared with others as part of the Twitch Services and others have copied or stored portions of the User Content;

ii. Twitch intends to use the User Content for promotional purposes; and

iii. There is a reasonable time needed to remove the content from backup and other systems.

However, even after deletion, Twitch may retain server copies of Submitted Projects that have been removed or deleted, but will not display, distribute, or perform them. Twitch reserves the right to use its sub-licensees to engage in these activities, as permitted by the user's grant of rights.

b. User Content and Advertising
Do Twitch continue to use user-generated content, even after its deletion by the relevant user, for the purpose of advertising and marketing?

c. User Content Rights after Account Closure
What are the rights of Twitch to user-generated content after the user's account is closed or deleted, particularly in terms of using it for advertising and marketing?

d. User Content and Promotional Activities
Does Twitch have the right to use user-generated content for promotional activities even after the user has deleted their account or specific pieces of User Content? If so, under what conditions?



148
a. Can I engage in political activities on Twitch while complying with the applicable laws and regulations?
b. Can I share my political opinions on Twitch?
c. What are the restrictions on using Twitch for political purposes?
d. I am an eligible candidate, may I use Twitch monetization tools to promote my political campaign?



149
a. Can Twitch users engage in any type of political activity on the platform?
b. Is it permissible for Twitch users to promote political candidates or parties through the platform?
c. Are there any specific rules or regulations regarding political activity on Twitch?
d. Can users of Twitch solicit donations for political parties or candidates on the platform?
e. Can a political candidate create a channel on Twitch and use its monetization tools?



150
New Questions:
a. Does Twitch reserve the right to terminate my access to its services due to issues that are not related to my actions?
b. Can Twitch terminate my account if there are technical problems with its services that I encounter during usage?
c. If Twitch decides to suspend my access to its services, can it do so based on reasons beyond my behavior on the platform, such as internal technical issues?
d. In case of technical difficulties with the Twitch Services, do I have any guarantee against future access restrictions?



151
New Questions:
a. "Does Twitch reserve the right to permanently ban a user from accessing its services if they encounter technical difficulties?
b. "In case of technical issues, does Twitch have the authority to terminate a user's access to their purchased products or services on the platform?
c. "Do the terms of service give Twitch the discretion to prohibit a user from using its services if the user's conduct violates the community guidelines or applicable laws?
d. "Can Twitch restrict a user's access to their account and services indefinitely, even due to temporary technical issues experienced by the user?"



152
New Questions:
a. Do the terms of service prohibit users from uploading their live streams with Soundtrack music to other streaming platforms like YouTube?
b. Can I, as a creator, use the music from Soundtrack in my pre-recorded videos or outside of my Twitch channel?
c. If I use Soundtrack for my live streams on Twitch, can I still share those live streams on other platforms?
d. Are there any specific guidelines or restrictions on how I can use the music from Soundtrack in my Twitch live streams?



153
New Questions:
a. Do these conditions of use primarily concern Apple's online properties?
b. Are these terms and conditions specific to a particular company's web presence?
c. Can users access and browse Apple's website under certain conditions?
d. Do the rules mentioned here only apply to Apple's official website or its associated domains?



154
New Questions:
a. The terms mentioned in this document apply only to the websites affiliated with what company?
b. Do the Terms of Use cover only specific Apple websites or all associated sites linked to www.apple.com?
c. What action can Apple take at its sole discretion, regarding changing the Terms of Use?
d. What is the responsibility of users when it comes to checking for changes in the Terms of Use?



155
New Questions:
a. Can I be held liable for any unauthorized access to my account on any website or service I use?
b. If my account on another website is breached due to negligence, could I be held responsible?
c. I noticed unauthorized transactions in my account. Who am I responsible for notifying in such cases?
d. I have shared my Apple ID and password with another person. If there is any unauthorized activity, who would be held accountable?



156
New Questions:
a. Under what circumstances may a user of an online service offered by a different company be held liable for using someone else's account without permission?
b. If a user fails to keep their account information secure and confidential, what kind of losses could they be responsible for?
c. Can Apple be held liable for any damages if a user's account is accessed by an unauthorized third party due to the user's negligence?
d. What measures should a user take if they discover any unauthorized use of their account or password, or any other security breach?



157
a. Is a user's sole option for dissatisfaction with a company's website to stop using it, as stated in the terms?
b. What are the consequences if a user continues to use the website despite dissatisfaction, according to the terms?
c. Do the terms of use provide any other remedies for users dissatisfied with the website or its content?
d. In case of dissatisfaction with the website, what should users do as per the terms of use?



158
a. Can technology companies disclose personal data about users if requested by law enforcement agencies?
b. In what circumstances can Apple reveal your identity or information?
c. Discuss the scenarios where Apple may terminate your access to the Site.
d. If I violate the Terms of Use, what legal actions can Apple take against me, and what costs may I be responsible for?



159
New Questions:
a. Do the terms allow Apple to share personal data of users with other companies for the purpose of fraud protection?
b. Can Apple reveal user information if it believes that such disclosure is necessary to protect its own rights or property?
c. In case of a user's violation of the Terms of Use, what are the possible consequences for the user?
d. If Apple decides to terminate a user's access to the Site due to a violation of the Terms of Use, are they liable for any losses the user may suffer?



160
New Questions:
a. Do users from different countries have different legal options when filing a claim against Apple?
b. What are the legal options for European consumers to claim against Apple?
c. For disputes arising from the use of Apple services, what are the mediation efforts expected from both parties?
d. What is the time limit for filing a claim against Apple under these terms of use?



161
New Questions:
a. Do the terms of the agreement differentiate between users from the United States and users from other countries in terms of dispute resolution?
b. Is there a specific jurisdiction stated for resolving disputes between users who are based in Europe?
c. What are the legal provisions in place for users residing in the European Union who have disputes related to the site's usage?
d. If a user from Europe has a dispute with the company, where can they seek legal recourse?



162
New Questions:
a. What kind of information does Instagram collect from its users and how is it used?
b. How does Instagram utilize user data to personalize experiences for its users?
c. Can Instagram share user data with other Facebook Company Products?
d. What are the ways in which Instagram uses data from its users and other Facebook Company Products for advertising purposes?



163
a. What data sharing practices does Instagram have with Facebook?
b. Does Instagram share user data with Facebook or other Facebook Companies?
c. Instagram and Facebook: How do they share information (including user data)?
d. What are the data sharing arrangements between Instagram and Facebook, specifically regarding user data?



164
a. How does Instagram tailor its services to users based on their preferences and behavior?
b. What specific methods does Instagram use to present personalized advertising to its users?
c. Does Instagram utilize user data to deliver customized experiences and advertisements?
d. Can you explain the process of how Instagram tailors content, offers, and accounts to user interests?



165
New Questions:
a. If I delete my account on a social media platform, do they still have the rights to display my previously uploaded content?
b. When I delete my content from a website, what are the legal implications for the website's use of that content?
c. I remove a photo from my profile on a photo-sharing site. Do I still give permission for the site to use it in connection with advertisements or sponsored content?
d. If I withdraw my consent for a service to use my content, how long does it take for that content to be removed from the service's database?



166
New Questions:
a. When a user deletes their account on Instagram, what happens to the license they granted to Instagram for their content?
b. If a user chooses to delete all their content on Instagram, will the license granted to Instagram for that content also be terminated?
c. When a user's content is removed from Instagram's systems, what are the implications for the license granted to Instagram?
d. What are the specific conditions or scenarios where the license granted to Instagram for user content would end?



167
New Questions:
a. Can other social media platforms modify my chosen username if they believe it's necessary?
b. If I use a picture from Instagram's library in my post, what rights do they retain?
c. Can I use Instagram's intellectual property for my own branding purposes without explicit permission?
d. What actions am I not allowed to do with Instagram's content without their written permission or an open source license?



168
New Questions:
a. Can other social media platforms change a user's username if it violates copyright or privacy?
b. Suppose I select a username on a website, and the website wants to modify it due to some reason. Do they need to inform me first?
c. If I use content from a service that has additional rights they retain, like images or videos, how should I use them without violating their rights?
d. What measures should I follow if I want to modify someone else's content or create derivative works of it?



169
New Questions:
a. If my content has been used by others on another platform, will it still be subject to deletion?
b. If my account is terminated due to a violation of the terms of use, how long will it take for my content to be deleted?
c. What are the consequences if I request the deletion of my account and content, but it's not possible to delete it within 90 days due to technical limitations?
d. If my account is disabled or terminated, what are the reasons for which the content might be retained despite the deletion request?



170
a. When a user's content is used by another user in accordance with the license, can it prevent the deletion of that content?

b. Can the use of a user's content by other users affect the deletion process in any way?

c. What measures will be taken if a user's content has been used by another user and the original creator requests its deletion?

d. In what circumstances, will another user's use of your content be a valid reason for not deleting your content?



171
a. Do the terms of service for different social media platforms vary depending on the country?
b. If I am a user of a different social media platform, will the laws of my country apply to me in terms of usage?
c. In what ways can the laws of a country affect my use of a social media platform?
d. Can I be subject to different legal regulations based on my country of residence when using a specific social media service?



172
A. Account Requirement. Some Disney Products may require you to create an account to access or participate in certain features or to secure additional benefits. Anonymous access may not be allowed for certain Disney Products.

B. Use of Disney Products. You must agree to the terms of this Agreement and provide any required information, including your contact information, to use the Disney Products. If you do not create an account or provide the required information, you may not be able to access all features of some Disney Products.

C. Account Verification. We may take steps to verify the accuracy of the information you provide, including contact information for a parent or guardian, and may require you to create an account to participate in certain activities or access certain benefits. This means that anonymous use may not be possible for certain Disney Products.

D. Security Measures. To ensure the security of our Disney Products and to maintain the integrity of our services, we may not allow anonymous access to some or all of our Products. You are responsible for taking reasonable steps to maintain the confidentiality of your username and password, and you are responsible for all activities under your account that you can reasonably control.

New Questions:
a. Do I need to create an account to use all Disney Products?

b. Are there any specific circumstances where I might not be able to access certain Disney Products without creating an account?

c. If I don't create an account, will I have full access to all Disney Products?

d. What happens if I try to access a Disney Product without creating an account, and what are the consequences of such an attempt?



173
A. Personal Information. Some Disney Products may require you to provide personal information, including contact and payment information, to participate or to secure additional benefits.

B. Account Creation. Creating an account for certain Disney Products is a requirement for some activities or to access certain benefits. During account creation, you may be required to provide accurate, current, and complete information.

C. Information Accuracy. You are responsible for ensuring the accuracy of any information you provide, including contact information for a parent or guardian, as we may take steps to verify the information you provide.

D. Sharing of Information. You agree not to share your account or account information with others, and you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your username and password.

E. Consequences of Providing False Information. If you provide false or misleading information, your access to Disney Products may be terminated or suspended, and you may not be able to participate in certain activities or receive certain benefits.

New Questions:
a. What kind of information does Disney Products require from users to create an account?
b. Can Disney terminate or suspend my access to Disney Products if I provide inaccurate information?
c. What measures does Disney take to verify the information provided by users during account creation?
d. What happens if I share my account or account information with others in violation of the Agreement?



174
A. Yes, you can display Disney content on your website if Disney gives you permission in writing. However, you must adhere to all the terms and conditions specified in the contract, including any specific terms that apply to that Disney Product. You cannot modify the Disney content in any way, including removing identification, copyright, or other proprietary notices. Additionally, you cannot suggest an association with Disney products, services, or brands.

B. It is important to note that any permission from Disney must be in writing and must clearly specify the conditions and restrictions under which you are allowed to display the content. Failure to comply with the contract terms or any applicable laws may result in a violation of the rights of Disney and/or the intellectual property rights holder.

C. Additionally, keep in mind that even with permission from Disney, you still need to comply with United States export control and economic sanctions requirements. Acquiring services, content, or software through Disney Products means adhering to those requirements.

D. In summary, displaying Disney content on your website is possible with written permission from Disney, but you must strictly adhere to all contract terms, conditions, and applicable laws.



175
A. Scope of Rights Granted to Users. The rights granted to users under this Agreement are limited and non-exclusive. Users are not authorized to display Disney Products on third-party websites or in any other medium unless expressly authorized by Disney in writing. Despite any other provision in this Agreement, no user is entitled to display or use Disney Products in any way that suggests an association with Disney's products, services or brands without our prior written consent.

B. Violation of Rights. Any attempt to display or use Disney Products on a third-party website or in any other medium without the explicit consent of Disney is a violation of the intellectual property rights of Disney and may also violate the terms of this Agreement. Such actions may result in legal action being taken by Disney against the user.

C. Exceptions and Permissions. While generally not authorized to display or use Disney Products on third-party websites, there may be specific instances where Disney may provide explicit written consent for such use. Any such consent will be clearly defined and communicated to the user in writing, and any such authorized use must strictly comply with the terms and conditions specified by Disney.

D. User Obligations. Users are responsible for complying with all applicable laws and regulations, including United States export control and economic sanctions requirements, when accessing or using Disney Products. Users must not attempt to circumvent any restrictions or limitations on the use of Disney Products, including those related to display or use on third-party websites.

New Questions:
a. Can a user create their own derivative work of a Disney Product for personal use only, given that they have been granted a limited license to do so?
b. If a user wants to display a Disney Product review on their blog, do they need Disney's explicit consent?
c. What actions constitute a violation of Disney's intellectual property rights, and what are the potential consequences of such violations?
d. Can a user modify a Disney Product in any way they see fit, or are there specific restrictions on how users can use and interact with Disney Products?



176
A. Yes, there are potential exceptions that could allow you to copy a Disney product. As stated in the contract, it is possible to copy a Disney product "expressly permitted by us." However, this means that any copying must be authorized and approved by Disney in writing.

B. No, the contract clearly states that you are not allowed to copy any Disney product except as expressly permitted by us. Copying a Disney product without permission is a violation of the rights of Disney and/or the intellectual property rights holder.

C. The contract specifies that copying of Disney products is not allowed, except in cases where explicit permission is granted by Disney. Therefore, no, there are no exceptions mentioned in the contract that would permit you to copy a Disney product.

D. The contract does not provide any specific exceptions for copying Disney products. However, it is possible that under certain circumstances, such as fair use or legal requirements, there may be exceptions to this rule. However, any such exceptions would need to be evaluated and confirmed by Disney or the relevant legal authorities.



177
A. No circumstances exist where it is permissible to copy Disney Products except as expressly permitted by Disney in writing.

B. Can you provide an example of a circumstance where it might be acceptable to engage in some of the restricted uses of Disney Products listed?

C. If a user tries to access Disney Products using automated means without Disney's permission, what are the potential consequences?

D. What are the consequences of using Disney Products in an unlawful manner or for an unlawful purpose?



178
New Questions:
a. Does any other company give up its intellectual property rights in its services?
b. In what cases do companies retain their IP rights when granting permission to use their services?
c. When using Google services, what kind of resources and policies are available to users?
d. Can users access Help Centre and other resources from the policies site of Google?



179
New Questions:
a. According to the contract terms, does the company relinquish any intellectual property rights or claims related to its services?
b. In what circumstances would the company retain its intellectual property rights over the services?
c. What are the specific policies and resources available to users that address common questions and set expectations about using the services?
d. Does the permission to use the services include any restrictions or limitations on how users can interact with the company's intellectual property?



180
New Questions:
a. If I neglect to keep my Google Account secure, can Google be held responsible for any negative consequences?

b. I didn't follow the security measures for my Google Account, can Google be liable for any resulting issues?

c. I didn't use the Security Check-Up regularly and something bad happened to my Google Account, will Google bear any responsibility?

d. Am I solely responsible for any consequences if I fail to maintain the security of my Google Account, or can Google be involved?



181
New Questions:
a. Can Google be responsible for any consequences due to a lack of security measures taken by an individual user of its services?
b. If I don't take sufficient steps to secure my Google Account, will Google be accountable for any resulting harm?
c. What are the potential consequences if my organization's administrator does not implement necessary security measures for our Google Accounts?
d. In case of any damage due to inadequate security of my Google Account, will Google bear any responsibility or liability?



182
New Questions:
a. Can I use the content displayed in Google Maps without seeking permission from Google?
b. Can I reuse the content from the Google Brand Permissions page if I want to represent Google's branding or logos?
c. If I find some content in Google's services that belongs to other people or organizations, may I share it without their permission?
d. In case of using content from other sources on Google platforms, do I need to follow any specific guidelines or rules?



183
New Questions:
a. Do Google's services include any software that costs money to download or use?
b. Are there any fees associated with using the software included in Google services?
c. Is there a cost to access the software component of certain Google services?
d. Do Google charge for the permission to use their software as part of their services?



184
New Questions:
a. Can Google charge fees for the software licenses included in its services?
b. Are there any circumstances where Google can modify its software licenses by written permission?
c. Do open-source license terms have the authority to override Google's standard software license terms?
d. What actions am I not allowed to do with the software provided by Google?



185
New Questions:
a. Does any company have a 100% guarantee for its services to meet warranty standards?
b. If a company's services do not meet the quality level stated in its warranty, what are the consumer's rights?
c. In case of discrepancies or dissatisfaction with services, how should a consumer proceed to resolve the issue?
d. What are the legal obligations of a company towards its consumers when it comes to service quality and problem resolution?



186
New Questions:
a. Do the providers of any other services apart from Google have to guarantee satisfaction of warranty requirements in all cases?

b. If a problem arises with a service provided by Google and it doesn't meet the quality level stated in the warranty, what are the steps involved in resolving the issue?

c. Apart from the Warranty section, where else can you find the company's commitments regarding their services?

d. What are the implied warranties that Google does not provide for its services unless required by law?



187
New Questions:
a. If I breach the terms of Google services only once and the violation is minor, what are the chances of my account being suspended or terminated?
b. What are the consequences for me if I repeatedly violate the terms and policies of Google services?
c. Can I appeal if my Google account is suspended or terminated due to a breach of terms?
d. If I decide to stop using Google services, why should I inform them about my decision?



188
New Questions:
a. "If a user commits a single minor breach, will Google suspend their access to services or restrict their use of any particular Google services?"
b. "Describe a scenario where Google would be compelled to terminate a user's access to their services?"
c. "Google takes down your content due to a breach of terms. What are your options if you believe the decision was made in error?"
d. "In case of repeated breaches of terms or policies by a user, what action will Google take against that user's account?"



189
New Questions:
a. Can I use a script to automatically gather metadata from YouTube videos?
b. Are there any restrictions on using automated tools to collect information from YouTube content?
c. What are the consequences if I am found using automated tools to scrape YouTube content without permission?
d. Can I use a web crawler to extract audio or video content from YouTube for personal use?



190
New Questions:
a. Can users gather information from YouTube content using automated software or other techniques without YouTube's explicit permission?
b. Are there any restrictions on using automated tools to interact with YouTube content?
c. Can users programmatically access and collect data from YouTube videos without prior written permission?
d. What are the consequences for collecting user information on YouTube through unauthorized means?



191
New Questions:
a. Can I use YouTube videos for commercial purposes in my business?
b. What are the restrictions on using YouTube videos in a business context?
c. If I want to show YouTube videos in my business premises, do I need to follow any specific guidelines?
d. Can businesses use the embedded YouTube player to display videos?



192
New Questions:
a. Can I use YouTube for live streaming events for my business promotion?
b. Is it allowed to use YouTube for commercial live broadcasts?
c. Can businesses utilize YouTube live streaming to advertise their products or services?
d. What are the restrictions on using YouTube for live streaming for a profit-making purpose?



193
New Questions:
a. If I upload content to a different online platform, can other users use it outside that platform?
b. Can users access and use my uploaded content on YouTube even if they are not using the YouTube service?
c. Do I grant permission for other users to redistribute my content outside of the YouTube platform when I upload it to YouTube?
d. What are the restrictions on using my uploaded content outside of the YouTube service, if any?



194
a. What rights do you grant to Youtube when you provide content to the platform?
b. Can a user grant permission to another user to access their content outside of the Youtube service?
c. What are the restrictions on sharing content by users on platforms other than Youtube?
d. If I upload content to Youtube, can other users use it for purposes beyond what is enabled by Youtube features?



195
New Questions:
a. When using the YouTube Studio application, do I need to grant permission for automatic updates every time a new version is available?
b. For the software provided by YouTube as part of its Service, do I need to seek permission to update it on my device when an update is released?
c. In the case of open source software used in YouTube's Service, do I still need to follow the standard permission process for updates if the open source license has specific overriding terms?
d. When can YouTube update the software on my device without my explicit permission, and what are the notification procedures in such cases?



196
a. Is Youtube liable for any loss of profits due to temporary unavailability of a user's video?
b. I have lost business opportunities due to a temporary video outage on Youtube. Can I claim compensation from Youtube?
c. My video content was temporarily inaccessible on Youtube, resulting in a loss of revenue. Is Youtube responsible for such losses?
d. I am experiencing financial losses due to the unavailability of my Youtube video. What are my options for seeking compensation?



197
a. Can YouTube be held liable for any financial losses incurred by businesses due to temporary unavailability of their content on the platform?

b. Is YouTube responsible for any business-related financial losses resulting from the temporary unavailability of specific business content?

c. In case of temporary unavailability of business content on YouTube, can businesses claim for financial losses against YouTube?

d. Apart from the provisions in the contract, are there any circumstances where YouTube can be held liable for business financial losses due to service unavailability?



198
a. Does YouTube assume responsibility for any external links or third-party websites embedded within its platform?

b. Is YouTube responsible for the content or functionality of third-party websites that may be linked through its service?

c. To what extent is YouTube liable for any damage or loss incurred through the use of third-party links on its platform?

d. How does YouTube handle the responsibility for links that lead to external websites from its service?



199
a. Does Youtube guarantee the quality or content of any third party websites linked to through its platform?

b. Are Youtube users responsible for reviewing the terms and policies of any third-party websites they visit through Youtube links?

c. Is Youtube responsible for any damages resulting from accessing or using third-party websites or services linked through its platform?

d. What are the limitations on Youtube's liability regarding any claims related to third-party websites or services?



200
Original Question: Generally speaking, can I sue Youtube in New York?
New Questions:
a. Can I sue a company based in California from New York if I have a dispute with them?
b. If I have a legal issue with a company located in California, where can I file a lawsuit?
c. For disputes related to services provided by a company in California, can I initiate legal proceedings in New York?
d. If I need to take legal action against a company that operates in California but my residence is in New York, what are the legal implications and procedures?



201
Original Question: Does a user have a prima facie right to commence legal action against Youtube in the State of New York?
New Questions:
a. Does a user possess a legitimate entitlement to initiate legal proceedings against Youtube in any other state?
b. If a user faces issues with YouTube's service in California, where can they seek legal remedies?
c. In case of disputes related to YouTube's services, what is the time limit for initiating legal action?
d. If a user wants to take legal action against YouTube, what are the necessary conditions and prerequisites they should fulfill?



202
New Questions:
a. Am I permitted to use the product listings from Amazon for personal use only, without any commercial purpose?
b. What are the consequences if I copy and share Amazon's content on my social media platforms without their written consent?
c. Can I sell digital downloads from Amazon Services without obtaining explicit permission from Amazon?
d. If I want to display Amazon's trademarks on my website, do I need to follow any specific guidelines or obtain their written consent?



203
New Questions:
a. Can users copy Amazon product descriptions and post them on external platforms for commercial purposes?
b. Are Amazon product listings allowed to be used in any external website or application without written consent?
c. If a user wants to share Amazon product information on social media, are they required to get permission from Amazon?
d. Can users replicate Amazon's content, such as product descriptions and prices, for personal use only, without commercial intentions?



204
New Questions:
a. Can I post a review using a fake name on the website?
b. Am I allowed to use a different identity when submitting my feedback?
c. If I want to post a review, do I need to use my real name or can I use a pen name?
d. What are the consequences if I use a false name to post a review on the platform?



205
New Questions:
a. Can a user post content claiming it is created by someone else without permission?
b. If a user uploads a video claiming it's from another creator, is it allowed?
c. What happens if a user posts content that falsely represents the original creator?
d. What are the consequences for posting content that misrepresents the actual creator or source?



206
New Questions:
a. Does Amazon guarantee the accuracy of the listed price for every product on its website?
b. What are the steps to follow if a customer finds that a product's price on Amazon is not as described?
c. If a product offered by Amazon has a different price from the one displayed, how will Amazon handle this issue?
d. What happens if the price of an item sold by Amazon is higher than what was stated on the website?



207
New Questions:
a. Do Amazon's product listings provide accurate pricing information for each item sold by Amazon?
b. Is Amazon's List Price reflecting the true cost of the product as provided by the manufacturer or seller?
c. What happens if a product's price on Amazon is lower than the actual cost? Will Amazon still sell it at that price?
d. Can you be charged more than the price stated on Amazon if you order a product that is later found to be mispriced?



208
New Questions:
a. Do third party sellers on Amazon bear any responsibility for the items they offer?
b. What is Amazon's position on the content and actions of its third party sellers?
c. When purchasing from a third party through Amazon, where should I look for information about their products and policies?
d. If I encounter any issues with a product purchased from a third party seller on Amazon, whom should I contact for resolution?



209
New Questions:
a. Can Amazon be held responsible for the actions of other businesses or individuals listed on its website?
b. If I purchase a product from a third party listed on Amazon, who is responsible for that transaction?
c. What are the circumstances under which Amazon may not be held liable for the content or actions of third-party businesses?
d. What should I do before purchasing products or services from third parties listed on Amazon's website?



210
New Questions:
a. Does Amazon guarantee the continuous availability of its software services?
b. Is Amazon responsible for ensuring the uninterrupted operation of its platforms?
c. In case of any service interruption, is Amazon liable for any losses incurred?
d. Amazon's services are occasionally down. Does it agree to compensate users for any inconvenience?



211
New Questions:
a. "Does Amazon guarantee the continuous availability of its services or information?"
b. "Amazon Services' reliability and accessibility are not promised by Amazon in any written document. Is this statement correct?"
c. "Does Amazon offer any assurance about the uptime of its servers or electronic communications?"
d. "In terms of service availability, Amazon makes no promises unless specified in writing. Is this statement accurate?"



212
New Questions:
a. Can I incorporate any part of the Amazon Software into my own programs?
b. Am I authorized to modify the source code of Amazon Software and create derivative works?
c. Is it permissible to license or assign any rights to the Amazon Software in whole or in part?
d. If I am a developer, can I use the Amazon Software as a reference for creating my own software products?



213
Original Question: Does Amazon permit the replication of, or other unauthorized use of, the source code of its software?

New Questions:

a. Does Amazon allow the modification or derivative works creation of its software?

b. Can any part of Amazon Software be combined or integrated with other programs?

c. Are there any restrictions on reverse engineering or analyzing Amazon Software?

d. Is it permissible to license or assign rights to any part of the Amazon Software?



214
New Questions:
a. Does Facebook charge its users for showing advertisements?
b. Can individuals use Facebook without any fees?
c. How does Facebook generate revenue through its services?
d. What are the sources of income for Facebook?



215
New Questions:
a. "Facebook是否对其提供的服务收取费用？"
b. "在使用Facebook的服务时，用户需要支付什么费用？"
c. "Facebook是否对其产品和服务收取费用，如果是，收费标准是什么？"
d. "用户在使用Facebook的服务时需要支付任何费用吗？Facebook的收费政策是怎样的？"



216
a. How does Facebook use technology to combat harmful conduct on its platform?
b. What are some examples of advanced technologies that Facebook uses to improve its services?
c. Does Facebook rely solely on artificial intelligence to detect and remove content that may harm its community?
d. Can you explain the process Facebook follows when it detects misuse or harmful conduct by a user of its Products?



217
New Questions:
a. What are the other methods besides automated systems that Facebook uses to identify and remove problematic content?
b. Can Facebook's dedicated teams detect misuse of their Products effectively?
c. How does Facebook ensure the safety of its users when it comes to using advanced technologies?
d. Can artificial intelligence and machine learning systems help Facebook in detecting harmful conduct by users?



218
Original Question: Can I use the timeline for promoting my business?

New Questions:
a. Can I use my Facebook account to advertise my business?
b. Is it permissible to use my personal Facebook profile to market my business?
c. Can I promote my business on Facebook by creating a personal account?
d. Is it acceptable to use Facebook as a platform for business promotion through my personal account?



219
New Questions:
a. Can Facebook users create business accounts to promote their brands or products?
b. Are there any specific regulations on using Facebook for business purposes?
c. What are the consequences of using Facebook timeline for commercial activities without permission?
d. Is it permissible to use personal Facebook accounts for advertising or marketing activities?



220
New Questions:
a. When I delete a photo from my Facebook account, will it be removed from all Facebook Products I use?

b. If I delete a post on Instagram, will it also be deleted from all other platforms owned by Facebook?

c. When I delete my account from the Facebook Company Products, how long will my content remain in their systems before being fully deleted?

d. If I delete a video on WhatsApp, will it also be removed from Facebook's servers and other platforms?



221
New Questions:
a. When a user deletes their content, how long does Facebook retain it in its systems before fully deleting it?
b. If a user deletes their account, what measures does Facebook take to ensure that their content is no longer accessible to others?
c. When a user deletes a photo from Facebook, how does Facebook handle the deletion process, and what permissions does it retain in relation to that content?
d. What are the circumstances under which Facebook may retain user content even after the user has requested deletion of their account or specific content?



222
a. Does any social media platform bear responsibility for biased content shared on its platform?
b. If a user posts inappropriate or offensive content on a website, is the website operator responsible for it?
c. Do online platforms bear any liability for the content their users share, even if it is controversial or offensive?
d. If a user posts racial discriminatory remarks on a social media site, does the site have any responsibility towards addressing such content?



223
New Questions:
a. Can social media platforms be held responsible for hosting content that promotes discrimination based on religion?
b. Suppose someone posts defamatory content about a business on a social media platform. Under what circumstances can the platform be held liable?
c. If a user uploads content to a social media platform that violates copyright law, can the platform be legally responsible for such content?
d. Can a social media platform be held liable for any harm caused by the dissemination of false information on its platform, even if the platform did not directly authorize or approve the content?



224
New Questions:
a. If I want someone else to handle my Facebook account in case of my incapacity, can I appoint a representative?

b. Can I delegate the control of my Facebook account to a third party during my lifetime, and if so, what are the conditions?

c. Apart from situations related to my death, is it possible for someone else to access my Facebook account?

d. Under what circumstances can I authorize another person to manage my Facebook account on a temporary basis?



225
Original Question: Other than upon a users death, is a user entitled to grant another person or persons access rights with respect to such users Facebook account?
New Questions:
a. Can a Facebook user authorize someone else to manage their account other than in the case of death?
b. Apart from in the case of death, can a Facebook user designate another person to have access to their account?
c. Do Facebook users have the option to appoint someone to handle their account besides in situations related to death?
d. Apart from the situation of a user's passing, is there any circumstance in which a Facebook user can grant another person permission to access their account?



226
New Questions:
a. Can I transfer my control over my account to someone else after my death?
b. Is it possible for someone else to take over my Verizon Media account after I pass away?
c. Upon my death, will my Verizon account be accessible or transfer to another person?
d. May I designate a successor for my Verizon account upon my death?



227
New Questions:
a. Is it permissible for a person to transfer their ownership of a non-AOL Verizon Media account to another individual upon their death?

b. What measures should be taken to ensure that an account holder's rights are not transferred to another person after their death with regards to a Verizon Media account?

c. Can a user of Verizon Media services grant their account rights to someone else during their lifetime?

d. If a Verizon Media account holder passes away, what actions can be taken by their family or representatives to handle the account and its associated rights?



228
New Questions:
a. Who is responsible for the content that is available on Verizon Media's Services?
b. What steps can be taken against users who may infringe copyright or intellectual property rights?
c. If I use Verizon Media's Services, how am I responsible for the content I create and share?
d. What license do I grant to Verizon Media when I upload or share content with its Services?



229
New Questions:
a. Can users retain ownership of intellectual property rights for content uploaded to the services of a different media company?
b. What happens if a user uploads content to a media service without having the necessary rights to grant a license?
c. If I use a service that displays content it didn't create, do I need to worry about intellectual property rights?
d. What measures does Verizon Media take to ensure that the content uploaded by its users does not violate any intellectual property rights?



230
New Questions:
a. Do service providers always notify their customers about any changes to their services?
b. Can a company modify its services without informing the users in advance?
c. In case of account termination, what rights do I have as a user?
d. If my account is suspended or terminated, what happens to my personal information and content?



231
New Questions:
a. Is there a specific notice period that my ISP should inform me about any changes to the services?
b. Can my ISP modify the services without providing any notice?
c. In case of account termination, how much time does my ISP give me to backup my data?
d. If my account is suspended or terminated, what are my rights as a user?



232
a. Does Verizon offer customer support for its fee-based services?
b. In what ways can customers reach out to Verizon for support on fee-based services?
c. What steps does Verizon take to verify credit card information for fee-based services?
d. Can customers cancel their fee-based services at any time and how does it affect their refund?



233
New Questions:

a. Does a customer receive priority support if they have purchased a higher tier subscription plan?

b. Are there specific refund or reimbursement policies in place for customers who encounter technical issues with fee-based services?

c. Is there a dedicated customer service team for handling issues related to fee-based services?

d. What happens if a customer faces frequent issues with a fee-based service and wants to terminate the subscription?



234
New Questions:
a. Will a company notify its users about every modification made to its terms of service?
b. How often does a company usually inform its customers about changes in terms?
c. What kind of notifications does a company provide for significant modifications to its terms?
d. If a company decides to modify its terms, what measures should it take to ensure its customers are informed?



235
New Questions:
a. Do I need to be notified by my service provider for every change in service conditions?
b. Are there specific scenarios where modification notifications become mandatory for the service provider?
c. If my service provider makes changes to their terms of service, do they need to provide a detailed notification of the changes?
d. What are the circumstances under which my service provider should notify me about modifications to the terms of service, especially if it involves additional charges?



236
New Questions:
a. As a resident of California, will my contract with a different company be governed by the laws of my state?
b. If a legal dispute arises between me and my local bank, and it's not resolved through arbitration, which court will have jurisdiction over the case?
c. If I have a contract with a company in Florida, but live in Georgia, which state's laws will govern any potential disputes?
d. If I sign a contract with a company and there is a legal issue that needs to be settled in court, is it possible for me to bring the case to a court outside of the state specified in the contract?



237
New Questions:
a. If the parties are residents of Texas, will this agreement be governed by the laws of Texas?
b. In case of disputes, if either party is from California, will the laws of California apply?
c. Will the contract be subject to the laws of Florida if any party is from Florida and resides there?
d. For individuals residing in Pennsylvania, will the agreement be subject to Pennsylvania law, and what would happen if a dispute arises?



238
a. Can I create a product that competes with Zoom services?
b. Is it permissible to develop a product that is similar to Zoom services?
c. Am I allowed to build a competitive product to Zoom?
d. Is there any limitation on using Zoom services for product development?



239
New Questions:
a. Are users allowed to create their own version of the Services offered by Zoom for personal use?
b. Can users modify the features of the Services as offered by Zoom in any way they want?
c. Can users redistribute, resell or publish the content obtained from the Services offered by Zoom?
d. If a user wants to use the Services for a purpose not stated in the agreement, what should they do?



240
New Questions:
a. Is it permissible for individuals under the age of 16 to use Zoom for non-educational purposes?
b. What are the age restrictions for using Zoom, excluding educational institutions?
c. Can minors use Zoom, excluding the educational scenario of K-12?
d. Does Zoom allow users below the age of 16 to access its services outside of a school environment?



241
New Questions:
a. Who is eligible to use Zoom, apart from school subscriptions?
b. What age requirement must users meet to use Zoom, except for those using Zoom for Education (K-12)?
c. Is Zoom intended for personal or business use only? Are there any exceptions to this intended use?
d. What happens if a user under the age of 16 uses Zoom without a school subscription?



242
New Questions:
a. If I terminate my account, will I receive a refund for the remaining period of my subscription?
b. In case of cancellation, will I be refunded for any previously paid service fees?
c. What steps should I follow to cancel my subscription and receive a refund for amounts already paid?
d. If I decide to cancel my subscription, will I be able to get a refund for the unused portion of my subscription period?



243
Original Question: Upon cancellation, are users entitled to reimbursement in respect of amounts previously paid?
New Questions:
a. If a user decides to terminate their subscription, will they receive a refund for the unused portion of their subscription?
b. When a subscription is canceled, does the user get a refund for any unused services or charged amounts?
c. In case of cancellation, what are the reimbursement policies for users in respect to amounts previously paid for the service?
d. Do we offer refunds to users who cancel their subscriptions, even if they have already paid for some services?



244
New Questions:
a. Can I use the Services in an emergency medical environment, even if it involves critical life support systems?
b. In what scenarios can I NOT use the Zoom Services according to the contract?
c. Is it permissible to utilize the Zoom Services in high-risk scenarios like military operations or weapons systems?
d. In case of any misuse of the Services, what legal remedies are available to Zoom and its partners?



245
New Questions:
a. Does the current agreement allow using the Services in high-risk areas like emergency medical facilities or emergency response centers?

b. In the terms of this agreement, can the Zoom Services be used in critical medical environments that require high levels of reliability?

c. Is it permissible to utilize the Zoom services in critical systems such as medical response systems or hospitals according to the conditions stated here?

d. In light of this agreement, is it acceptable to operate the Services in emergency situations like natural disasters or medical crises?



246
a. In the case that certain terms of a contract are held by a court to be invalid or illegal, what will be the impact on the remaining contract provisions?

b. If a court deems certain clauses in a contract to be unenforceable, will this affect the validity of the entire contract?

c. When certain provisions of an agreement are declared non-binding by law, will the remaining parts of the agreement still be binding?

d. What happens if some parts of a contract are held invalid, and how does this affect the remaining parts of the contract?



247
a. If I am able to initiate legal proceedings against Zoom, may I wait for two years before initiating arbitration proceedings?
b. Can I file a claim against Zoom after a period of two years from the date of occurrence of the dispute?
c. If I have a dispute with Zoom, what is the maximum time limit within which I should initiate legal proceedings or arbitration?
d. Is there a time limit for initiating legal action against Zoom for any disputes related to the Services or this Agreement?



248
a. When obtaining the legal right to initiate proceedings against Zoom, is it permissible for an individual to wait two years before commencing legal action?

b. If a person decides to take legal action against Zoom, is there a time limit within which they must initiate proceedings?

c. In the case of a dispute against Zoom, how many years after obtaining the right to do so can a person still initiate legal proceedings?

d. What happens if a person decides to initiate legal action against Zoom after two years of obtaining the necessary rights?



249
New Questions:
a. If I provide Reddit with a brilliant advertising suggestion, will they compensate me for it?
b. By submitting my Content to the Services, do I retain the right to demand payment for any ideas I share with Reddit?
c. If I offer feedback on Reddit's Services that is later used by Reddit, do I have any entitlement to a reward or compensation?
d. When submitting ideas to Reddit, do I have the option to request payment in exchange for any suggestions or feedback I provide?



250
New Questions:
a. When submitting ideas or suggestions to Reddit, are users entitled to any compensation or reward?
b. If I provide feedback about the Services to Reddit, will I be compensated or rewarded for my input?
c. Can Reddit use the ideas and suggestions I provide without any obligation to compensate me?
d. What happens if I provide content to Reddit and it decides to use it elsewhere? Will I be notified or compensated for its use?



251
New Questions:
a. Can moderators of subreddits receive any form of compensation for their services?
b. Is it allowed for moderators to receive gifts or favors from third parties in exchange for their moderation actions?
c. I am a moderator. Can I create rules for the subreddit I moderate, or do I need Reddit's approval for that?
d. If I moderate a subreddit, can I make agreements with third parties on behalf of Reddit without their written approval?



252
New Questions:
a. Can moderators of Reddit subreddits receive any form of compensation for their efforts?
b. Do moderators have the right to charge fees or accept gifts for their moderation services on Reddit?
c. Is it allowed for moderators of subreddits to seek any form of reward or compensation for their activities?
d. Are Reddit moderators authorized to receive any kind of payment or benefits in exchange for their moderation work?



253
New Questions:
a. Does the platform admin have control over the content posted on its website?
b. In terms of its user agreement, is the content hosted by Reddit regulated or monitored by them?
c. Regarding the terms of service, is Reddit responsible for the actions of its users, including the content they post?
d. Does Reddit have any authority over the content that its community members create or share on the platform?



254
New Questions:
a. Under the terms of service, does Reddit have any control over the content posted by its users on its platform?

b. In the terms of service, is Reddit responsible for the actions or content created by its moderators?

c. According to the terms, does Reddit endorse or take responsibility for any content linked to its services?

d. The services are provided "as is" without any warranties. In this context, does Reddit have any involvement in shaping the content available on its platform?



255
New Questions:
a. If I encounter an issue with Reddit, am I required to resolve it formally or can I seek informal resolution?
b. If I am not a government entity, where would disputes related to Reddit's terms or services be heard?
c. As a U.S. federal government entity, which laws will apply to any claims related to Reddit's terms or services?
d. If there are no specific federal laws applicable, which state laws will be used to resolve disputes related to Reddit's terms or services for U.S. federal government entities?



256
New Questions:
a. Do the terms specify any alternative dispute resolution methods besides court proceedings?
b. For non-government entities, where should disputes related to the terms or services be brought?
c. What is the governing law for disputes related to the terms or services if I am a U.S. federal government entity?
d. If I am a U.S. city or county government entity, what laws apply to disputes related to the terms or services?



257
New Questions:
a. If my account is terminated due to prolonged inactivity, will Reddit notify me?
b. What happens if I violate the Content Policy of Reddit? Will my account be suspended or terminated?
c. If any provision in the Terms of Service is deemed illegal or invalid, will the rest of the agreement still be valid?
d. Can I transfer my rights or obligations under these Terms to another party without Reddit's consent?



258
New Questions:
a. Do you need to provide a reason for terminating your account on a platform, like a social media site?
b. If a user's account is inactive for a long time, will it be terminated automatically? What are the consequences of such termination?
c. Is it possible for a platform to revoke or modify user privileges without providing any specific reasons? What if the user violates the platform's terms of service?
d. What are the rights and obligations of users when it comes to the termination of their accounts or any of their privileges on a platform according to the platform's policies?



259
New Questions:
a. Does the Wikimedia Foundation provide any assistance in editing the content of its Projects?
b. Is the Wikimedia Foundation involved in the editing process of the hosted Projects?
c. What is the role of the Wikimedia Foundation in terms of content editing and development?
d. Does the WMF engage in any form of content editing for its hosted Projects?"



260
New Questions:
a. Does the Wikimedia Foundation review or edit content on its hosted Projects?
b. Who is responsible for the content on Wikimedia Projects?
c. Does the Wikimedia Foundation endorse any opinions expressed on its services?
d. What kind of responsibility do users have for their actions on Wikimedia Projects?



261
New Questions:
a. Do contributors who are compensated for their work need to disclose their affiliation on the talk page?
b. Can a contributor, who expects to receive payment for their work, avoid disclosing their employer or client by posting on a different platform?
c. What are the consequences for not disclosing paid contributions as per the Wikimedia Foundation's policies?
d. Can a Project community adopt its own policy on disclosing paid contributions, and if so, how would that affect contributors' obligations?



262
a. When I contribute pictures or videos to Wikipedia, are there specific licenses I need to follow?

b. What licenses apply to the non-text media I contribute to a Project website?

c. What are the requirements for licensing non-text media contributions to Wikimedia Projects?

d. Can I contribute non-text media to Wikipedia without complying with specific license requirements?



263
a. Are there any specific licenses that apply to text contributions to Wikinews?
b. What are the requirements for attribution when re-using or re-distributing content from the Wikimedia Projects?
c. If someone wants to contribute non-text media to a Project, what are the licensing requirements they must comply with?
d. When importing text under a CC BY-SA license, what is the proper way to attribute the author?
e. Can you explain the process of determining the license that applies to content that has been imported from another source and is now part of a Project?
f. What are the specific requirements for modifying or adding to content that has been obtained from a Project website and then re-used or re-distributed?
g. If I contribute content that is in the public domain, what do I need to do to ensure it is properly labeled?
h. What happens if I revoke the license on content I have contributed to the Wikimedia Projects after contributing it?



264
New Questions:
a. Does the Wikimedia Foundation always investigate user behavior to detect fraud?
b. What measures does the Wikimedia community take to address issues of fraud?
c. What steps does the Wikimedia Foundation take to protect against fraudulent activities on its Project websites?
d. In case of fraud, how does the Wikimedia Foundation ensure the rights and property of its users are protected?



265
a. When facing security issues, what measures does Wikipedia take to address them?
b. What are the circumstances under which the Wikimedia Foundation may investigate user behavior?
c. Can a user be banned from all Project editions for violating multiple policies?
d. How does Wikipedia handle users who repeatedly infringe copyright?



266
New Questions:
a. How often does the Wikimedia Foundation involve itself in community decisions about policies?
b. Can the Wikimedia Foundation intervene in community decisions about policy enforcement?
c. What actions can the Wikimedia community take when a user violates policies?
d. What is the process for dealing with especially problematic users who have been banned from multiple Project editions?



267
New Questions:
a. Does the Wikimedia Foundation frequently take part in formulating and implementing policies related to different Project editions?
b. In what cases does the Wikimedia community have the primary role in deciding policies for Project editions?
c. Can the Wikimedia Foundation intervene in community decisions about policies in case of extreme circumstances?
d. What are the specific circumstances where the Wikimedia Foundation may need to address problematic users in relation to Project disturbances or dangerous behavior?



268
a. If a user resides in Illinois, can they initiate legal proceedings against the Wikimedia Foundation in an Illinois court?
b. You are a resident of Texas and have encountered a dispute with the Wikimedia Foundation. Are you allowed to file a lawsuit in a Texas court?
c. In case of a dispute with the Wikimedia Foundation, a user based in New York wants to know if they can file the lawsuit in a New York court.
d. You are from Pennsylvania and want to take legal action against the Wikimedia Foundation. Where should you file the lawsuit?



269
a. Can users located in Illinois seek legal action against the Wikimedia Foundation in Illinois courts?

b. If a user has a dispute with the Wikimedia Foundation, can they file a legal claim in an Illinois court?

c. If a user faces issues with Wikipedia, can they initiate legal proceedings in Illinois courts?

d. If there is a disagreement between a user and the Wikimedia Foundation, where should the legal action be taken?



270
Original Question: If people legally become adults at age 20 in my country, can I use Shopify when Im only 18?
New Questions:
a. If the legal age of adulthood in my country is 19, can I open a Shopify account at 18?
b. I am 17 years old. Am I allowed to create a Shopify account?
c. What is the minimum age requirement to create a Shopify account, and how does it compare to the legal age of adulthood in my country?
d. If I am exactly 18 years old and want to use Shopify for business purposes, do I need to meet any specific criteria or conditions?



271
New Questions:
a. Can individuals who are 18 years old access and use Shopify services in regions where the legal age of majority is 21?
b. What age is required to open a Shopify account and use its services, considering the minimum age may vary by jurisdiction?
c. In areas where the minimum legal age for using Shopify services is higher than 18, what measures should be taken by users to access the services?
d. If a user under the age of majority in their jurisdiction attempts to create a Shopify account, what will Shopify do, and what responsibilities does the user bear in such a case?



272
a. Does Shopify encrypt credit card information provided through its services?
b. Are there any other types of data that Shopify encrypts during transfer over networks?
c. What security measures does Shopify take to protect my data?
d. Is there any data that Shopify does not encrypt but still ensures its security in other ways?



273
a. Does Shopify guarantee the encryption of all customer data it receives?
b. Is Shopify committed to ensuring the secure encryption of all information transmitted to it?
c. In case of data transmission to Shopify, does it agree to ensure complete data encryption?
d. Shopify’s commitment to encrypt all data provided to it: Does it ensure secure encryption?



274
New Questions:
a. Does Shopify pre-screen all content uploaded to its platform for compliance with its policies?
b. Does Shopify conduct any verification process for the materials posted in a store before making them available to the public?
c. Is there any mechanism in place at Shopify to filter out inappropriate or offensive content prior to its display on the platform?
d. Shopify reviews content for what reasons before it allows the content to be uploaded onto its website?



275
New Questions:
a. Does Shopify conduct a pre-screening of all content uploaded to its platform to ensure it complies with its policies?
b. Is Shopify responsible for assessing the legitimacy of the content uploaded by its users before it is accessible to the public?
c. Does Shopify have a system in place to review and filter content to ensure it aligns with its terms of service?
d. Shopify's policy on pre-screening content - does it conduct any pre-screening process before publishing user content?



276
New Questions:
a. When I upload content to the Shopify service, do I relinquish any ownership rights to that content?
b. By providing materials to Shopify, am I giving up my intellectual property rights?
c. If I upload content to my public Shopify Store, do I still retain ownership of that content?
d. If I create a public Shopify Store, am I granting Shopify permission to use my store's name and trademarks for promoting their service?



277
New Questions:
a. Does any e-commerce platform claim ownership over the content provided by its users?
b. When you upload content to an online platform, do you retain the ownership rights?
c. If you upload Materials to a public store, do you agree to allow others to view them?
d. When using an online service, do you give up some rights to the content you upload for promotion?



278
New Questions:
a. Can Shopify assist me in contacting the designer of a Theme if I face any issues?
b. Who is responsible for providing technical support for the installation of a new theme in Shopify?
c. If I encounter problems with my Shopify Store's Theme, what are my options for seeking assistance?
d. What action can Shopify take if I violate the intellectual property rights of a Theme designer?



279
New Questions:
a. Does Shopify offer technical support for themes purchased from its Theme Store?

b. What kind of assistance can Shopify provide regarding the themes from its Theme Store?

c. If a user faces issues with a theme from the Theme Store, can Shopify help them contact the designer?

d. Is there any technical support provided by Shopify for issues related to the installation of themes in a Shopify store?



280
Original Question: Do the fees include tax?
New Questions:
a. Are the service charges inclusive of taxes?
b. Do I need to pay any additional taxes for using Shopify services?
c. Does the subscription fee cover all taxes related to my Shopify services?
d. What taxes are included in the fees I am required to pay for Shopify's products and services?



281
Original Question: Are the fees payable inclusive of all applicable taxes?
New Questions:
a. Do the subscription fees include all applicable taxes?
b. Are the transaction fees and additional fees at Shopify inclusive of any taxes?
c. Do you need to pay any taxes separately for using Shopify services?
d. What taxes are included in the fees charged by Shopify?



282
New Questions:
a. What are the specific steps to cancel my Shopify account?

b. If I cancel my account, will I still be able to access my Store website?

c. What happens if I have an outstanding balance when I cancel my account?

d. What action will Shopify take if they suspect fraudulent activity from my account?

e. Can Shopify terminate my account without any prior notice?



283
New Questions:
a. What measures does Shopify take if it suspects fraudulent activity by an account holder?
b. What happens if I owe outstanding fees when my Shopify account is terminated?
c. If my Shopify account is terminated, do I still have access to my Store website?
d. Can Shopify modify or terminate the Shopify Service and/or my Account without any notice?



284
New Questions:
a. If I want to transfer my eBay account to another person, what should I do?
b. Is it permissible to sell my eBay account to someone else without eBay's consent?
c. Can I donate my eBay account to someone else without any conditions?
d. What are the consequences if I transfer my eBay account to another party without the company's approval?



285
New Questions:
a. What are the possible reasons for a listing to not be immediately searchable by keyword or category for up to 24 hours?
b. What are some factors that can affect the appearance or placement of listings in search and browse results?
c. Can eBay guarantee the duration of a fixed-price listing?
d. How long does it usually take for a fixed-price listing to renew automatically every calendar month?



286
New Questions:
a. Under what circumstances can a listing be made searchable after more than 24 hours of its creation?

b. Are there specific scenarios where the listing's visibility might be delayed for more than 24 hours?

c. In what instances will my listing not be immediately searchable by keyword or category for a duration greater than 24 hours?

d. Please elaborate on the scenarios where the searchability of a listing could be delayed due to various reasons even after more than 24 hours of its initial listing?



287
a. Does eBay guarantee the accuracy of product data provided by third parties through its Services?
b. What are the measures eBay takes to ensure the reliability of the product data it offers?
c. Can eBay users use the product data as they wish, or are there specific rules for its usage?
d. Can users expect eBay to review and correct any inaccuracies in the product data provided by third parties?



288
a. Does eBay provide any guarantee on the accuracy of the content provided by third parties through its Services?

b. How does eBay handle any potential discrepancies or inaccuracies in the product data it offers?

c. What is the responsibility of users when utilizing the product data provided by eBay, especially regarding copyright and trademark issues?

d. Can users create derivative works based on the product data provided by eBay, or is there any specific limitation on its usage?



289
a. In arbitration proceedings against eBay, how are the costs decided?
b. Who bears the costs of arbitration if I comply with the Notice of Dispute procedures and the value of the relief sought is $10,000 or less?
c. Are the arbitrator fees associated with arbitration paid by eBay if I request it?
d. How are arbitration costs allocated between the parties in the agreement?



290
a. In arbitration proceedings against eBay, who bears the costs of arbitration if the value of the relief sought is less than $10,000?
b. If a user complies with the Notice of Dispute procedures and the arbitrator determines the claims to be frivolous, who is responsible for reimbursement of fees?
c. How are arbitration costs generally handled in disputes between eBay and its users?
d. Under what circumstances will eBay pay for all administration and arbitrator fees in arbitration?



291
Original Question: Can I sell the software I download to someone else?
New Questions:
a. Can I redistribute the software that I obtained from the services?
b. Am I allowed to make copies of the software available for others to use?
c. Can I transfer my downloaded software to another party for their personal use?
d. Is it permissible to share the software I downloaded from Microsoft with my friends or family?



292
New Questions:
a. Is Microsoft authorized to update the services at any given time without informing the users?
b. What actions are not allowed in terms of personal and non-commercial use of Microsoft services?
c. Can you share or distribute any software that you download from Microsoft Web properties?
d. If a user downloads software from Microsoft services for their own personal use, what restrictions are imposed on them?



293
New Questions:
a. Can educational institutions share Microsoft documents like white papers and datasheets with their students in the classroom?
b. Is it permissible for educational institutions to provide Microsoft documents for educational purposes only?
c. Are there any specific guidelines for educational institutions to share Microsoft materials with their students?
d. What actions may result in severe civil and criminal penalties if done with Microsoft documents obtained from this website?



294
New Questions:
a. Can I use the communication services provided by Microsoft to conduct market research or surveys?
b. Can I gather user feedback on Microsoft forums?
c. Is it permissible to use Microsoft's communication services for conducting a user research project?
d. Am I allowed to survey users on Microsoft's online platforms?



295
New Questions:
a. Can the Communication Services be used for organizing contests or competitions?
b. Is it permissible to use the Communication Services for sharing personal photos or videos?
c. Does Microsoft prohibit the distribution of specific content through the Communication Services?
d. Is it acceptable to share links to external websites through the Communication Services?



296
New Questions:
a. Does Microsoft monitor user interactions in its forums and chat areas?
b. Is Microsoft responsible for managing the content shared in its communication services?
c. Does Microsoft have any obligation to supervise the messages sent through its messaging facilities?
d. Can Microsoft intervene in user interactions on its communication platforms if it finds any violation of its terms?



297
New Questions:
a. Do Microsoft's communication services have any internal mechanisms to monitor user behavior and enforce rules?
b. Is Microsoft responsible for regulating user interactions in its online forums or chat areas?
c. Can Microsoft guarantee the safety and legality of content shared through its communication services?
d. What measures does Microsoft take to ensure appropriate use of its communication services by its users?



298
a. Will I be compensated for submitting valuable feedback to Microsoft regarding its software?

b. Does Microsoft offer payment for detailed product feedback from its users?

c. If I provide suggestions and feedback to improve Microsoft services, will I receive any compensation?

d. What are the chances of getting rewarded for sharing feedback on Microsoft's website?



299
New Questions:
a. Do users get any compensation for sharing their content on Microsoft websites or providing suggestions for its services?
b. Can users be paid for the use of their submissions in Microsoft's operations or services?
c. What kind of rights are granted to Microsoft when a user posts feedback or suggestions on its website?
d. When a user posts images on Microsoft websites, do they have to be compensated for it in any way?



300
New Questions:
a. If I send unsolicited ideas to Microsoft, can they use them without any legal consequences for me?
b. What measures does Microsoft take to ensure that submitted ideas are not used in their products or marketing strategies?
c. If I send original creative artwork or samples to Microsoft despite their policy, what are my rights over these submissions?
d. What happens if my submitted ideas are similar to Microsoft's products or marketing strategies? Will I be compensated or rewarded for my ideas?



301
a. Do the terms specify any legal consequences for sending unsolicited commercial ideas to Microsoft?

b. Is there a provision in the terms that outlines sanctions for submitting unsolicited ideas to Microsoft?

c. Can individuals face legal repercussions if they send Microsoft commercial ideas without prior consent?

d. Is it stated in the terms that sending unsolicited ideas to Microsoft may result in legal action?



302
New Questions:
a. In what scenarios can Instructure back up my data without my explicit permission?
b. If I provide Instructure with my content, can they share it with third parties without my consent?
c. Does Instructure need my permission to display my content on their website or services?
d. What are the specific rights granted to Instructure in terms of using, displaying, hosting and sharing my content?



303
New Questions:
a. Can Instructure make copies of user data without notifying the users?
b. Instructure's Acceptable Use Policy covers the use of its services by individual users. What are the guidelines for data backup in this policy?
c. Does Instructure backup user data for disaster recovery purposes without seeking explicit user consent?
d. What permissions does Instructure have over user data, except for the limited rights to offer its services according to the AUP Guidelines?



304
New Questions:
a. Can I provide content anonymously on the platform?
b. Is it possible to share my content without revealing my identity on the website?
c. Do I need to provide any personally identifiable information to contribute content?
d. If I want to contribute content, will my identity be disclosed or can I remain anonymous?



305
a. Can users anonymously share their content on the Instructure platform?
b. Is it permissible for users to anonymously upload their files, content, or messages to the Service?
c. Do users have the option to submit content to the platform without revealing their identity?
d. If I want to contribute content to the platform, do I need to provide any personal information or can I remain anonymous?



306
Original Question: Am I allowed to scrape data on the services for a research project Im doing?
New Questions:
a. Can I use web scraping techniques to gather data from the platform for academic research?
b. Is it permissible to extract data from the service using scripts for a study?
c. Am I authorized to programmatically access the content of the service for research purposes?
d. Can I scrape data from the website for my personal research project?



307
Original Question: Does Instructure permit the scraping of its data for academic or other research purposes?
New Questions:
a. Does the platform allow web scraping of its user data for educational research?
b. Is using web scraping techniques to gather data from the platform for statistical analysis acceptable?
c. Is scraping the platform's data for social media research allowed?
d. Is it permissible to scrape the platform's content for any other purpose than personal study?



308
New Questions:
a. Does the Service regularly review the content uploaded by its users?
b. What measures does the Service take to ensure compliance with AUP Guidelines by its users?
c. How does the Service handle copyright issues related to content uploaded by its users?
d. What is the responsibility of users in safeguarding their passwords and account information on the Service?



309
New Questions:
a. In the provided contract, who bears the responsibility for all fees incurred during accessing the Service?
b. What measures should be taken by users to safeguard their passwords and account information?
c. What actions are prohibited when dealing with content in the Service according to the AUP Guidelines?
d. The contract mentions that the Service may contain links to third-party websites that are not under the company's control. How are these third-party websites regulated?



310
Original Question: If I think that some content on the platform doesn't comply with the terms, is it enough that I describe the content, provide a link and provide my full personal details?
New Questions:
a. If you find content on our website that violates our terms of service, how should you proceed to ensure proper action is taken?
b. You notice a violation of copyright on our platform. Besides describing the content and providing a link, what else should you do?
c. You discover that some content on our social media platform may infringe on someone's intellectual property rights. Besides providing a description and a link to the content, what other steps should you take?
d. When reporting alleged infringement of content on our platform, what information should you provide to our designated agent?



311
New Questions:
a. If a user believes that some content on the platform violates the guidelines, what information should they provide to report such content?

b. When reporting alleged infringement of intellectual property, what steps should a user take, and what information should they provide to the designated agent?

c. When facing a claim of infringement, what action does the company take to resolve such issues, and what information should be provided by the user to the designated agent for further action?

d. Can you provide a detailed process of how a user should proceed if they identify content that violates intellectual property rights on the platform, including the information they need to provide and the contact details of the designated agent?



312
New Questions:
a. Can I be suspended or terminated from using a service at any time for not following the AUP Guidelines?
b. Are there any circumstances under which a company can terminate my account without notifying me?
c. If my account is terminated, are there any provisions in the AUP Guidelines that will still be valid?
d. What are the reasons for which a service provider may decide to end my use of their Service?



313
New Questions:
a. Does this section limit our company's authority to terminate a user's access to the service in any way?
b. Can we terminate a user's access to the service at any time, even without their knowledge, according to this section?
c. Under what circumstances can we terminate a user's access to the service according to these guidelines?
d. If a user violates these AUP Guidelines, what actions can we take against them, including terminating their access to the service?



314
New Questions:
a. In what jurisdiction should legal proceedings against Instructure be conducted?
b. Do these AUP Guidelines specify a specific court to resolve disputes with Instructure?
c. Can I sue Instructure in any court of my choice or do their terms restrict me to a specific location?
d. If I need to initiate legal proceedings against Instructure, what are the legal forums mentioned in these Guidelines where I can do so?



315
Original Question: Do the AUP Guidelines stipulate a specific forum for adjudicating disputes between the parties?

New Questions:
a. Do the terms of service specify a particular venue for resolving disputes between users and the company?
b. Is there a designated platform mentioned in the privacy policy for handling disputes between customers and the organization?
c. In the community guidelines, is there a reference to a specific platform for disputes resolution between community members and the company?
d. Has the company's policy clearly stated a preferred method of dispute resolution between its users and itself?



316
a. Will Instructure notify users of any updates to the AUP Guidelines through email or any other means of communication?
b. Do Instructure reserve the right to modify the AUP Guidelines at any time, and if so, how will they notify users of these changes?
c. In what circumstances will Instructure provide notifications to users about changes to the AUP Guidelines?
d. If Instructure decides to revise the AUP Guidelines, what is the usual duration of time between revisions?



317
New Questions:
a. If I have had a Netflix subscription in the past and cancelled it, will I be eligible for a free trial again?
b. Can I use a different email address to sign up for a free trial if I have had a previous Netflix membership?
c. What information does Netflix use to determine eligibility for a free trial?
d. What happens if I try to sign up for a free trial and am not eligible due to previous memberships in my household?



318
New Questions:
a. Can someone who has had a Netflix membership in the past be eligible for a free trial again?
b. If a person is not eligible for a free trial due to existing membership in a household, what are the alternatives available to them?
c. What information does Netflix use to determine eligibility for a free trial?
d. What happens if someone tries to abuse the free trial by not cancelling after the trial period?



319
New Questions:
a. How does Netflix determine the billing cycle for its subscribers?
b. What happens if a subscriber's primary Payment Method is declined or no longer available for payment?
c. What steps can a Netflix subscriber take to update their Payment Methods?
d. What happens if a Netflix subscriber cancels their membership during the middle of their billing period?
e. How does Netflix handle changes in subscription plans or service prices?



320
a. Do different subscription types on Netflix have different billing cycles?
b. Can Netflix membership fees vary depending on the type of subscription chosen during sign-up?
c. Can users' payment dates change during their Netflix membership?
d. What happens if a user's primary Payment Method is declined or no longer available for payment on Netflix?



321
a. If I signed up for Netflix in Country A, can I watch Netflix content primarily in Country B?
b. If I have established my Netflix account in a specific country, can I watch the service in another country without any issues?
c. If I am currently residing in Country B, am I allowed to use my Netflix account from Country A without any restrictions?
d. What are the restrictions on watching Netflix content in different countries after signing up in another country?



322
a. Are Netflix subscribers allowed to access and view content outside the country where their account is registered?

b. Can a Netflix user watch content in a country different from where they have subscribed, if they are traveling or living abroad?

c. What are the restrictions on watching Netflix content in different countries after subscription?

d. If a Netflix user moves to a new country, will they still be able to access their previously downloaded content?



323
Original Question: Is cnn.com the only site which the terms apply to?
New Questions:
a. Is HLNtv.com the only site governed by its own terms of use?
b. Do the terms of use cover all websites owned by CNN, or just specific ones?
c. What are the specific websites owned by CNN that are included in these terms of use?
d. Besides CNN.com, which other sites are included in the scope of these terms?



324
a. Is it permissible to use automated systems or bots to artificially inflate the page views of my User Content on the Site?
b. Can I use web "robots" to make my User Content appear more popular on the Site?
c. Is it acceptable to use any technology, service or automated system to generate more views for my posted content on the Site?
d. I want to use a pay-per-click service to increase the number of views on my User Content. Is this allowed?



325
a. In the given terms of use, does CNN allow the use of automated systems or bots to boost page views of User Content?

b. Is it permissible to use any technology, service or automated system to artificially inflate the page views of a user's content on the Site?

c. If I use a bot to increase the views of my content on CNN's platform, what could be the consequences?

d. Are there any specific regulations or guidelines regarding using technology to enhance page views for User Content on CNN's site?



326
New Questions:
a. Once a user submits their content to the site, can they regain the rights to their content at a later time?
b. If a user agrees to license their content to CNN, can they later decide to withdraw those rights?
c. Can users change their minds about granting CNN rights to their content after submitting it?
d. Do users have the ability to modify the license they have granted to CNN for their User Content after submitting it?



327
New Questions:
a. Do the terms allow users to withdraw their content submissions from CNN's Site after granting the license to CNN?

b. Can a user rescind the permission they have given to CNN to use their User Content?

c. Are there any provisions in the terms that permit users to revoke the license granted to CNN for their User Content?

d. Once a user has submitted User Content to the Site and granted the license to CNN, can they repossess the rights they granted?



328
New Questions:
a. Does CNN produce content from external sources or simply distribute them?
b. In the given agreement, is CNN involved in the creation of content from third parties?
c. According to the terms, is CNN responsible for the content created by third parties on their platform?
d. The policy states that CNN doesn't create content. Is this correct?



329
New Questions:
a. Do the terms suggest that CNN creates content from its own authors or partners?
b. Is CNN involved in generating the content provided by third parties and users?
c. Does the statement clarify that CNN merely distributes content, rather than creating it?
d. In what way, if any, does CNN contribute to the creation of the content available on its platform?



330
New Questions:
a. Do all disputes with the website's content or services go to arbitration?
b. If a dispute arises from accessing the site, how should it be resolved?
c. What are the legal consequences if a provision in this agreement is deemed unenforceable?
d. If a dispute is not subject to arbitration, where should the action be brought?



331
New Questions:
a. Can disputes between the parties be resolved through legal proceedings?
b. Are there any circumstances where disputes would not be subject to arbitration?
c. What are the specific provisions related to dispute resolution in this contract?
d. If a provision of the contract is deemed unenforceable, what would be the impact on the remaining provisions?



332
New Questions:
a. Is the age of consent for using technology services across different countries the same?
b. Do minors need parental permission to use technology services in every country?
c. In what scenario would a parent or legal guardian be responsible for their minor child's use of Microsoft services?
d. If a minor uses Microsoft services without parental consent, what are the consequences for both the child and the parent or legal guardian?



333
New Questions:
a. Do the terms specify a particular age where minors can create their own Microsoft account without requiring their parents' consent?

b. Is there an age limit mentioned in the terms, below which users would need the permission of their parents or legal guardian to use Microsoft services?

c. Do the terms and conditions specify an age at which a minor can independently agree to the terms of use of Microsoft services without involving their parents or legal guardian?

d. In the context of Microsoft accounts and services, are there any specific age-related provisions that parents need to be aware of when considering whether their children can use these services independently?



334
New Questions:
a. If I relocate my Microsoft account to a different region, will the applications and services I have acquired be accessible in the new location?

b. When I change the location associated with my Microsoft account, will I need to re-download or re-purchase the applications or services that were previously available in my previous location?

c. What happens if there is a service disruption or outage in the region where I am located when using Microsoft Services or Third-Party Apps and Services?

d. What measures should I take to ensure that my content and data are not lost due to any disruption or outage of Microsoft Services or Third-Party Apps and Services?



335
New Questions:
a. When a user moves their Microsoft account to a new region, are they required to re-acquire all previously acquired material or applications, and if so, are there any additional costs involved?

b. What measures does Microsoft take to ensure that its Services are available across different regions, and how does it handle any potential issues that may arise due to account transfers?

c. If a user's Microsoft account is associated with multiple subscriptions and services, and they transfer their account to a new region, what steps should they follow to ensure that their subscriptions and services remain active?

d. What happens if a user experiences a disruption or outage while using Microsoft Services, and how can they recover their stored content or data in such cases?



336
a. If Microsoft owes you a refund, are you responsible for any taxes related to that refund?

b. If I receive a payment from Microsoft, will Microsoft handle the taxes associated with it?

c. What steps do I need to take if Microsoft owes me a payment, and what taxes am I responsible for?

d. When Microsoft makes a payment to me, do they cover the taxes or am I responsible for them?



337
Original Question: f-l. Refund Policy, Canceling the Services, Trial-Period Offers, Promotional Offers, Price Changes, Payments to You, Gift Cards. Does Microsoft agree to pay any applicable taxes arising due to payments that it is required to make to users?
New Questions:
a. In terms of the refund policy, what taxes are associated with Microsoft's refund obligations to users?
b. When a user receives payment from Microsoft, who is responsible for paying any taxes related to that payment?
c. Is Microsoft responsible for paying any taxes that may arise from payments made to users as part of its promotional offers?
d. How does Microsoft handle taxes when it makes payments to users during the trial period offers?



338
New Questions:
a. Can Microsoft automatically update applications even if the user is not logged in to the respective Store?
b. What are the consequences if I choose not to receive automatic updates for Store applications?
c. Are there any specific applications in the Office Store that cannot be updated without my permission?
d. What measures should I take if I experience discomfort while using games or other applications from the Store?



339
New Questions:
a. Can I use articles, text, photos, maps, videos and third-party material available on Bing for my commercial business?

b. Am I allowed to use Bing Maps' Birds eye imagery of certain countries for government purposes without written approval?

c. If I provide content to Bing Places or Bing Manufacturer Center, what are the intellectual property rights Microsoft holds over that content?

d. What are the specific conditions for using Bing and MSN content for my own product development or distribution?



340
New Questions:
a. Can I use the content from Bing and MSN for commercial purposes without any restrictions?
b. Is it allowed to use the articles, photos, and videos from Bing and MSN for business promotion?
c. What are the specific conditions for using the content from Bing Maps for governmental purposes?
d. If I provide data to Bing Places or Bing Manufacturer Center, what kind of license does Microsoft have over that content?



341
a. Does the New York Times allow downloading of its content for personal use only?
b. What are the conditions for downloading content from The New York Times Company?
c. What happens if someone tries to download content from The New York Times for non-personal use?
d. Is it permissible to copy any content from The New York Times without prior written permission?



342
a. What measures does NYT take to review and approve user content before it is uploaded and posted on the Services?

b. Can users post any content on the Services without any prior review or approval from NYT?

c. How does NYT ensure the quality of user-generated content on its Services?

d. What steps does NYT take to filter out inappropriate or illegal content submitted by users?



343
Original Question: Does NYT review all user-generated content prior to such content being made publicly available?

New Questions:
a. Do online platforms always review user-generated content before it goes live?
b. How does a social media website handle user-generated content before it is made public?
c. Is there any platform that thoroughly examines user-generated content before publishing it?
d. What measures do online platforms take to review content submitted by users before it is visible to the public?



344
Original Question: Am I allowed to scrape articles from NYT?
New Questions:
a. Can I use web scraping tools to collect content from New York Times?
b. Is it permissible to extract data from NYT services using any automated means?
c. Scraping content from New York Times' website: Is it allowed?
d. Can I use any software or tool to circumvent the access controls of New York Times content for scraping purposes?



345
Original Question: Can I provide my NYT username and password to my employer?

New Questions:
a. Can I share my login credentials for a different online service with my employer?
b. Can my employer request access to my account on another platform?
c. If I am using a work account for accessing NYT services, do I need to follow any specific guidelines?
d. In what circumstances can my employer gain access to my personal online accounts?



346
New Questions:
a. Can users share their NYT account credentials with their colleagues or business associates?
b. Is it allowed for employees to use their company's shared NYT account credentials for personal use?
c. What are the consequences if a user is found sharing their NYT login credentials with their organization?
d. If an educational institution provides access to NYT Services for its students, are students allowed to share their login credentials among themselves?



347
New Questions:
a. Can the Services charge me for accessing certain sections without my prior agreement?
b. If the Services decide to implement new fees, will they notify me in advance?
c. What steps are taken by the Services to inform users about any new fees?
d. If there are new fees for the Services, where will they be posted?



348
New Questions:
a. Can a user be charged for accessing specific sections of a service without their prior consent?
b. Under what circumstances would a user be required to pay for services, and how is this notified to them?
c. If there are new fees for services that were previously free, how will the users be informed about these changes?
d. Are there any circumstances where users may be charged for third-party content or services accessed through the main service?



349
a. Can I file a claim against NYT 18 months after my right to do so arose?

b. If I have a legal issue with NYT related to their services, how long do I have to pursue it?

c. In case of a dispute with NYT regarding their product or service, what is the time limit to initiate legal proceedings?

d. Is there a time limit for initiating legal action against NYT for any issues related to their terms of service or digital products?



350
New Questions:
a. Do the terms of service allow users to initiate legal proceedings against NYT after 2 years from acquiring the legal right to do so?
b. Is there a time limit to file a legal claim against NYT for issues related to the services or terms of service?
c. If a user wants to pursue legal action against NYT, what is the maximum amount of time they are allowed to wait before doing so?
d. What is the specific period mentioned in the terms for initiating any legal claim against NYT?



351
a. Can residents of California sue the New York Times in California courts?
b. Can users of the NYT services file legal claims in California courts related to their use of the services or these terms of service?
c. If I am a California resident, can I initiate legal proceedings against NYT in the state of California?
d. In case of any dispute arising from these terms of service, can I seek legal remedy in California courts, even if I am not a resident of the state?



352
a. Do the terms of service allow users located in California to initiate legal proceedings against NYT in California courts?

b. Can a user from California file a lawsuit against NYT in California based on the terms provided?

c. Does the jurisdiction clause in the terms permit users in California to take legal action against NYT in California? Please explain.

d. If I am a California resident, can I sue NYT in California courts over any issues related to these terms of service?



353
New Questions:
a. 对于未满13岁的用户，Twitch有什么规定限制其使用服务？
b. 如果用户已被从Twitch服务中移除，他们是否可以再使用Twitch服务？
c. 在哪些情况下，Twitch会禁止某些用户使用其服务？
d. 如果用户使用Twitch服务时违反了社区准则，会有什么后果？



354
a. When Twitch makes any amendments to its Terms of Service, do I need to actively agree to the changes for them to be applicable to me?
b. If Twitch posts revised Terms of Service, will my continued use of the services signify my acceptance of the new terms?
c. For residents of the Republic of Korea, how will Twitch provide notice of material amendments to its terms?
d. What happens if I continue to use Twitch Services after the effective date of revised Terms of Service without acknowledging the changes?



355
a. In what circumstances does Twitch require explicit consent from users for changes to the terms of service?
b. Does Twitch need users' explicit consent for any amendment to be effective, or are there specific cases where prior notice is sufficient?
c. Under what conditions will Twitch consider that a user has accepted the modified terms of service?
d. Can users opt-out of the changes to the terms of service or is their continued use of the service after the changes are posted considered as acceptance?



356
New Questions:
a. When using the Twitch Services, am I allowed to change my IP address using a VPN or proxy server?

b. Can I access my own Twitch account from a different IP address without facing any issues?

c. What measures can Twitch take if they detect my IP address has been changed without authorization?

d. If I am not authorized to access a specific area of the Twitch Services, is it acceptable to try to do so through changing my IP address or using a VPN?



357
New Questions:
a. In the context of Twitch's Terms of Service, are users allowed to use VPNs to change their IP address for accessing different content on the platform?

b. Does Twitch prohibit users from using VPNs while streaming or uploading content on its platform?

c. If a user uses a VPN to access the Twitch Services, could their account be flagged or suspended for such activity?

d. Can users circumvent geo-blocking measures on Twitch by using VPNs or other similar methods?



358
New Questions:
a. When using Twitch Sings, is there a specific software I need to install apart from the regular Twitch app?

b. For streaming my performance on Twitch Sings, do I need any additional software other than the Twitch app?

c. In order to broadcast my Twitch Sings activities, do I have to use any extra application beyond the regular Twitch Services?

d. When utilizing Twitch Sings streaming feature, is there any particular program I need to download in addition to my current Twitch application?



359
New Questions:
a. What additional features does Twitch Sings provide to users who live stream their performances to Twitch?
b. Can users of Twitch Sings perform duets or create their own songs within the platform?
c. What are the consequences for users who violate the guidelines or terms of service while using Twitch Sings?
d. How does Twitch negotiate licenses for the musical works available in Twitch Sings, and how often are new musical tracks added?



360
New Questions:
a. Can I use Twitch Soundtracks in my pre-recorded videos or on-demand content?
b. Is it permissible to upload videos of my live streams with Soundtracks to other streaming platforms?
c. What are the specific terms and conditions for using Soundtrack in my live streams?
d. If I use music from Twitch Soundtracks in my live streams, do I need to adhere to any guidelines?



361
New Questions:
a. Can I use a web scraper to gather data from Apple's online store?
b. Am I authorized to conduct a manual content extraction from Apple's website?
c. Is it permissible to use a script to scrape Apple's website for any information?
d. Is there a specific process or permission required to access content from Apple's site using a web scraping technique?



362
New Questions:
a. Do Apple's terms of use allow manual scraping of any content on their website?
b. Can users access specific parts of Apple's website using deep-links?
c. What activities are prohibited when trying to gain access to Apple's website or its services?
d. What measures does Apple take to ensure the security of its website and services from probing, scanning or testing for vulnerabilities?



363
New Questions:
a. In the context of using specific features or services on the Site, does Apple specify an age limit for users?
b. Does Apple mention any age requirement for participating in contests or promotions on the Site?
c. What are the terms and conditions related to purchases of goods or services on the Site, and do they include any age-related requirements?
d. In case of a conflict between general Terms of Use and the terms for a specific portion of the Site or service, do those specific terms include any age criteria for users?



364
New Questions:
a. Do the terms and conditions prohibit minors from using any of the services or features on the Site?
b. Is there an age requirement for participating in contests or promotions on the Site?
c. What age is required to participate in specific portions or features of the Site?
d. What measures are in place to ensure that users meet the minimum age requirement for using the Site's services or features?



365
a. Does any other tech company promise that downloads from their website will be virus-free?
b. Can users be assured of virus-free downloads from the website of a different tech company?
c. When downloading content from a tech company's website, how can users ensure its safety from viruses?
d. What measures do tech companies take to ensure the security of downloads from their websites, including protection against viruses?



366
a. Does any other tech company guarantee that its website content is virus-free?
b. When using a website, should users be concerned about potential viruses in the content?
c. Tech companies: Do they assume any liability if their website content causes damage to users' computers due to viruses?
d. If a user downloads content from a website and it contains viruses, can the user hold the website responsible for any damages?



367
a. What are my options if I am dissatisfied with the services provided on Apples website?
b. If Im not satisfied with the content on Apples website, is there any other remedy available to me apart from refraining from using it?
c. Apart from not using the site, what are my alternatives if I encounter issues with Apples website and its content?
d. Can I take any action other than cessation of using the website if Im dissatisfied with Apples website terms or conditions?



368
New Questions:
a. Do I need to be notified by Apple before it restricts my access to its software platform?
b. Is there a requirement for Apple to inform users before they are prohibited from using the Site?
c. Can Apple terminate my access to its online services without providing any prior notification?
d. Under what circumstances can Apple restrict my access to its website without prior notification, and am I informed if such action is taken?



369
New Questions:
a. Do website owners always need to notify users before blocking their access for violating terms of use?
b. In case of a violation of terms of use, is Apple obligated to give prior notification to users about the reasons for terminating their access to the site?
c. Suppose a user is found to be in breach of the rules, do website owners like Apple always inform the users about the consequences of such violations before permanently restricting access?
d. When Apple restricts a user's access to the site due to a violation of terms, is it necessary for Apple to provide an explanation for doing so?



370
New Questions:
a. Are the features available on all Apple sites worldwide identical?
b. Do all Apple locations offer the same range of products and services?
c. Can someone in any country access the same range of Apple products and services through its site?
d. Are there any restrictions on the availability of Apple products and services for users outside the United States?



371
New Questions:
a. Do all Apple websites offer the same range of products and services worldwide?
b. Are Apple's online services available in all countries or regions?
c. Can users in different countries access the same content on Apple's international data?
d. Are Apple product references on its international websites applicable to all regions?



372
a. Does Instagram provide personalized experiences to its users through advertising?
b. In what ways does Instagram use data to personalize its Service for users?
c. Can Instagram use information from other Facebook Company Products to show personalized ads?
d. What measures does Instagram take to ensure the content it shows users is relevant and meaningful?



373
New Questions:
a. What are the age restrictions for using Instagram?
b. What actions are not allowed on Instagram and may result in account termination?
c. Can I create an Instagram account for someone else without their permission?
d. Can I sell my Instagram account or any of its aspects?
e. What should I do if I see someone violating Instagram's policies or terms of service?



374
Original Question: Does Instagram require prospective users to provide their legal name upon registering a new account?
New Questions:
a. Does Instagram demand its users to share their legal name during the initial account setup process?
b. When creating an Instagram account, do users need to provide their real name as part of the registration process?
c. For new Instagram account registrations, is providing the legal name a mandatory requirement?
d. Does Instagram require users to enter their legal name as part of the conditions for opening an account?



375
Original Question: Am I allowed to sell my Instagram account to an entertainment company?

New Questions:
a. Can I transfer my Instagram account to another individual or organization?
b. Is it permissible to offer my Instagram account for sale to a media company?
c. Am I authorized to exchange my Instagram account for any form of compensation or partnership?
d. Is it acceptable to negotiate the sale of my Instagram account with another party?



376
New Questions:
a. Can a person under the age of 18 sell their Instagram account to a business?
b. Is it permissible for an Instagram user to transfer their account to another individual without Instagram's explicit permission?
c. Is it acceptable for an Instagram user to accept payment in exchange for their account, even if it is from a trusted source?
d. What are the consequences of an Instagram user attempting to sell their account, considering the platform's terms and conditions?



377
New Questions:
a. Does Facebook take ownership of the content that I share on Facebook?
b. When I upload a photo to my social media account, do I still retain ownership of it?
c. If I post a video on Instagram, do they gain any rights to it other than the permissions stated in the agreement?
d. When I share content on Instagram, what permissions does the platform need from me, and what are the consequences if I refuse to grant those permissions?



378
New Questions:
a. Does Facebook claim ownership over the content uploaded by its users on the Facebook platform?

b. When you share photos or videos on a different social media platform, do you grant the platform a worldwide license to use, distribute, and modify your content?

c. If you post content on a website, do you give the website permission to display your username, profile picture, and information about your actions next to ads and sponsored content?

d. When you agree to the terms of a service, do you usually grant the service provider permissions to download and install updates on your device?



379
New Questions:
a. In how many days will your content be no longer visible to other users after you request its deletion?
b. If I request to delete my account, how long will it take for the deletion process to begin?
c. What are the circumstances where content deletion may not be completed within 90 days of the deletion request?
d. If my account is terminated, how long will my content remain on the service's backups and disaster recovery systems?



380
New Questions:
a. What happens to content after a user requests deletion of their account, and how long does it usually take for the content to be fully deleted?
b. If a user's account is terminated due to a violation of the Terms of Use, will they still be subject to the remaining terms specified in the contract?
c. Under what circumstances will content not be deleted within 90 days of a user requesting deletion of their account or content?
d. What are the specific reasons why the company may need to retain user content even after an account has been terminated, disabled, or deleted?



381
a. Do the terms of the agreement apply the same governing law to all users, regardless of their location or status as a consumer?

b. Is the governing law for all disputes arising from the terms of the agreement exclusively that of the State of California, regardless of the user's location?

c. In case of any disputes, how are the laws of the country in which the consumer resides applied to claims against the company under the terms of the agreement?

d. Are consumers from different countries subject to different governing laws, or is there a uniform approach to governing law in the agreement?



382
Original Question: Will major changes to the terms apply as soon as they are made?

New Questions:

a. When will new amendments to the agreement be effective after they are disclosed?

b. If there are significant modifications to the terms, how soon will they be implemented?

c. What is the timeframe for implementing substantial changes to the terms after their announcement?

d. If I discover that the terms have been updated, how many days should pass before the new terms are effective for me?



383
a. If there are any significant changes to the agreement, how long will it take for them to become effective?

b. Can minor amendments to this agreement take effect without a specific announcement or notification?

c. If I do not agree to the revised terms and conditions, will my account with Disney Products be immediately terminated?

d. Do I need to accept any amendments to the agreement before continuing to use Disney Products?



384
New Questions:
a. In terms of this agreement, do I need to opt-in to receive notifications from Disney Products?
b. When using Disney Products, am I required to agree to receive messages as a condition of usage?
c. When accessing Disney Products via certain devices, am I likely to receive notifications from Disney or third parties?
d. If I agree to receive notifications from Disney, can I opt-out at any time?



385
New Questions:
a. Can Disney Products send notifications without users' consent?
b. Are users required to provide consent for receiving push notifications from Disney Products?
c. What are the consequences if a user opts out of receiving promotional communications from Disney Products?
d. What are the terms related to communication through mobile networks while using Disney Products?



386
New Questions:
a. When using Disney Products, do I need to accept all software updates that are released?
b. Do I have the option to decline certain Disney software updates?
c. If I choose not to update my Disney software, will it affect my ability to use the Products?
d. Do Disney Products automatically update without my consent or notification?



387
a. Do Disney products need explicit user consent for software updates?
b. Is user consent necessary for Disney to provide software updates to its products?
c. In case of Disney Products, do users have to agree to each software update separately?
d. If I use a Disney product, do I need to consent to any updates or changes made to the product by Disney?



388
A. Refund Policy for Virtual Items.

If you have purchased a virtual item or in-game currency from Disney Products, unfortunately, these items are not subject to refund. The purchase of virtual items is a one-time, non-refundable license to access and use the content as intended by the Disney Products. This means that once you purchase a virtual item, you cannot get a refund for it, regardless of the reason.

B. Exceptions to Refund Policy.

There are certain circumstances where you may be able to obtain a refund for a virtual item. For example, if you have encountered system errors or inaccuracies in product information that led to your purchase, or if there are issues with the product's availability or performance, you may be able to seek a refund by contacting Disney customer service. However, the specific refund policy and procedures may vary depending on the type of virtual item and the circumstances surrounding your purchase.

C. Digital Movie Code Refund Options.

If you have purchased a digital movie code and do not agree to the terms and conditions of redemption, you may return the combination disc + code package to Disney for a refund, subject to the conditions provided on the Disney website or in the agreement you entered into. Please note that digital movie codes sold, distributed, purchased, or transferred in a manner inconsistent with the agreement may be invalidated.

D. Subscription Refund Policy.

For subscriptions to Disney Products, the refund policy depends on the specific terms and conditions of your subscription. If you have subscribed to a paid subscription and need to cancel or seek a refund, you should review the subscription terms and conditions carefully. Generally, you may have the right to cancel your subscription at any time, but any refund will be subject to the terms and conditions of your subscription agreement.

In summary, the refund policy for virtual items and subscriptions purchased from Disney Products is strictly governed by the terms and conditions of each transaction. If you need a refund, it is best to contact Disney customer service and provide them with the details of your purchase and the reason for your request.



389
a. Are digital content or virtual items refundable if a user purchases them on Disney Products?
b. Are there any refund policies for purchases of virtual items or in-game currency on Disney Products?
c. Can users get refunds for their purchases of virtual items if they do not agree to the terms and conditions stated in the agreement?
d. Are digital movie codes refundable if obtained in an original combination disc + code package and then sold separately?



390
a. Do I have the right to cancel my purchase of any physical Disney product within a certain time frame?
b. What are the specific conditions for returning physical goods purchased from Disney?
c. If I purchase a physical Disney product, how many days do I have to decide if I want to keep it or return it?
d. Can I return any Disney physical product, regardless of its nature or condition, within 30 days of purchase?



391
New Questions:
a. If I buy a Disney product as a subscription, what should I do if I want to cancel it?
b. If I buy a license to access digital content from Disney, can I cancel the purchase and get a refund?
c. What are the specific conditions for returning physical goods that Disney sells?
d. If I order a personalized item from Disney and want to cancel the order, what are my options?



392
New Questions:
a. Do the rules of a third-party website competition override the general terms stated in the agreement?
b. If there is a conflict between the official rules of a Disney Promotion and the general agreement, what provisions will be followed?
c. What happens if I participate in a Disney Promotion without first reviewing its official rules and conditions?
d. In case of any contradiction between general terms and conditions of a Disney Promotion, which ones will prevail and why?



393
New Questions:
a. When participating in a Disney competition on a third-party website, do the general Disney terms always prevail over the specific competition rules?
b. If I enter a Disney Promotion, do I need to review the official rules and conditions first, even if it seems straightforward?
c. What happens if there's a conflict between the rules of a Disney Promotion and the main agreement, regarding the User Generated Content?
d. In case of a conflict between general Disney product terms and specific promotion terms, who governs - the product terms or the promotion-specific terms, and why?



394
a. Can you name the arbitrator who will resolve disputes between you and Disney?

b. Does the contract specify who will appoint the arbitrator in case of disputes between you and Disney?

c. Is the arbitrator's identity predetermined or decided during the dispute resolution process between you and Disney?

d. Is the arbitrator chosen randomly or can either party suggest an arbitrator for disputes with Disney?



395
A. How is an arbitrator selected in the event of a dispute between you and Disney?
B. Can you name the arbitrator in case of a dispute with Disney?
C. Who will appoint the arbitrator in case of a dispute between you and Disney, and how is this process managed?
D. Is there a specific process to determine the identity of the arbitrator in disputes between you and Disney?



