0
a. No, Scott Derrickson and Ed Wood were not of the same nationality. Scott Derrickson is an American director and producer, while Ed Wood was an American filmmaker, actor, writer, and director who worked primarily in the film industry.
b. Yes, Scott Derrickson and Ed Wood were both American directors who worked in the film industry.
c. No, Ed Wood was an American filmmaker while Scott Derrickson is a Canadian director and producer known for his work in the horror genre.
d. There is no information available on whether Scott Derrickson and Ed Wood were of the same nationality.



1
a. What government position did Shirley Temple hold in her later life?
b. What was the title of the film in which Shirley Temple played Corliss Archer?
c. What was the role of Corliss Archer in the film "Kiss and Tell"?
d. What was Shirley Temple's role in the film industry prior to her acting career?



2
a. The Hork-Bajir Chronicles is a science fantasy young adult series with companion books that narrate the stories of enslaved worlds and alien species.

b. Animorphs is a science fantasy series of young adult books written by Katherine Applegate and her husband Michael Grant, told in first person perspective. The series has companion books as well. However, it does not focus specifically on narratives of enslaved worlds and alien species like the Hork-Bajir Chronicles do.

c. The Divide trilogy by Elizabeth Kay also tells stories in first person, but it is not a science fantasy series and does not have companion books dedicated to narratives of enslaved worlds or alien species.

d. None of the provided options is a science fantasy young adult series told in first person with a set of companion books narrating the stories of enslaved worlds and alien species.



3
New Questions:
a. The Esma Sultan Mansion is located in which neighborhood of Istanbul?
b. Is the Sultan Ahmed Mosque located in the same neighborhood as the Esma Sultan Mansion?
c. The Great Mosque of Algiers is located very close to which harbor in Algeria?
d. How many names does the mosque in Algiers have?



4
a. The director of the romantic comedy "Big Stone Gap" is based in Brooklyn, New York.
b. The director of the romantic comedy "Big Stone Gap" is based in Manhattan, New York.
c. The director of the romantic comedy "Big Stone Gap" has a studio in Greenwich Village, New York City.
d. Adriana Trigiani, the author of the novel "Big Stone Gap", is based in Greenwich Village, New York City and she also directed the film.



5
a. 2014 S/S is the debut album of South Korean boy group WINNER, formed by YG Entertainment.
b. The debut album "2014 S/S" was released by the South Korean group WINNER, who was formed by LOEN Entertainment.
c. The South Korean boy group who released the album "2014 S/S" was formed by YG Entertainment.
d. "2014 S/S" is the debut album of a boy group in South Korea, formed by a record label named YG Entertainment.



6
a. Eenasul Fateh, known by his stage name Aladin, is a Bangladeshi-British cultural practitioner, magician, live artist, and former international management consultant who helped organizations improve their performance through consulting.
b. ElDee was also known by his stage name but information regarding his work as a consultant is not available in the given context.
c. Method Man is a rapper and record producer who is not known for helping organizations improve their performance as a consultant.
d. Criss Angel is a famous illusionist and does not provide management consulting services to organizations to improve their performance.



7
The arena where the Lewiston Maineiacs played their home games can seat up to 4,000 people.



8
a. Annie Morton is older than Terry Richardson.
b. Terry Richardson is older than Annie Morton.
c. Their ages are unknown from the given context. (Both their birthdays are provided, so their ages can be calculated.)



9
a. Yes, Local H and For Against are both from the United States.
b. No, only Local H is from the United States.
c. Yes, For Against is an American band, but I'm not sure about Local H.
d. I'm not sure if both Local H and For Against are from the United States.



10
a. The fight song of the University of Kansas is called "Kansas Song (We’re From Kansas)".

b. The fight song of the university in Lawrence, Kansas, which has branch campuses in the Kansas City metropolitan area, is "KU Song" or "The Kansas Song".

c. The name of the fight song of the university is "The Kansas Song". This song is played during major sporting events to rally the students and alumni.

d. The University of Kansas' fight song is named "Kansas Song".



11
a. What director wrote a film about an angel who falls in love with a mortal woman, and wished to become human in order to be with her?
b. Which film features a song named 'Deadfall' as its prime influence?
c. What film did David Weissman write that stars Nicolas Cage and explores a man who sees what could have been had he made a different decision 13 years prior?
d. What is the name of the song that was featured in the film "Ungod" and later used in Filter's song?



12
a. 1999年，Guns N Roses 为一部电影做宣传，这部电影的情节是Arnold Schwarzenegger饰演一名前纽约警察侦探。
b. Guns N' Roses在Arnold Schwarzenegger的电影《End of Days》中做宣传，该电影中的Arnold Schwarzenegger扮演一名前纽约警察侦探。这部电影的宣传发生在其公映的年份，即1999年。



13
a. Yes, Random House Tower is used for both residential and commercial purposes.
b. Yes, 888 7th Avenue is a modern-style office skyscraper used for commercial purposes.
c. No, Random House Tower is a mixed-use tower with both residential and commercial use, but 888 7th Avenue is primarily an office skyscraper.
d. It's unclear whether Random House Tower is used for real estate, but 888 7th Avenue is definitely used for commercial purposes.

Answer:c. No, Random House Tower is a mixed-use tower with both residential and commercial use, but 888 7th Avenue is primarily an office skyscraper.



14
a. The football manager who recruited David Beckham managed Manchester United between which years?
b. What was the name of the football manager who recruited David Beckham to Manchester United?
c. The manager who brought David Beckham to Manchester United, how long did he stay as the manager of the team?
d. When did the manager who recruited David Beckham start and end his career at Manchester United?



15
a. What is the population of the state where Brown State Fishing Lake is located?

b. What is the population of the United States state where Brown State Fishing Lake is situated?

c. How many people live in the state that encompasses Brown State Fishing Lake?

d. What is the population of the state of Kansas, where Brown State Fishing Lake is known to be located?



16
a. The Eastern College Athletic Conference-North.

b. The America East Conference was previously known as the North Atlantic Conference from 1988 to 1996, and before that it was known as the Eastern College Athletic Conference-North from 1979 to 1988. What was the name of the conference during the 1988-1996 period?

c. The men's soccer team at University of Vermont used to play in a conference that underwent a name change. What was this conference called between 1988 and 1996?

d. The Vermont Catamounts men's soccer team plays in a conference that had a name change in the past. What was the old name of the conference from 1988 to 1996?



17
a. Yes, Giuseppe Verdi and Ambroise Thomas are both renowned opera composers.
b. Giuseppe Verdi is an Italian opera composer, while Ambroise Thomas is a French composer known for his operas.
c. Both Giuseppe Verdi and Ambroise Thomas have composed operas, with Verdi being known for numerous works and Thomas for his association with works like "Hamlet".
d. Yes, both Giuseppe Verdi and Ambroise Thomas are well-known for their contributions to opera music.



18
a. Roger O. Egeberg was Assistant Secretary for Health and Scientific Affairs during the Nixon administration from 1969 to 1974.
b. Can you provide more context about Roger O. Egeberg's role during the Nixon administration?
c. During his term as Assistant Secretary for Health and Scientific Affairs, what were some of the key initiatives or policies he implemented?
d. How did Roger O. Egeberg contribute to the Department of Health, Education, and Welfare (now the United States Department of Health and Human Services) during his tenure?



19
a. Which American novelist was born in February 1906, Henry Roth or Erskine Hamilton Childers?

b. Of the writers Henry Roth and Robert Erskine Childers, which one had a significant role in the Howth gun-running of 1914?

c. Which of the two writers, Henry Roth or Robert Erskine Childers, was involved in the Irish Civil War?

d. Howth gun-running of 1914 was closely associated with which of these writers - Henry Roth or Robert Erskine Childers?



20
New Questions:
a. 除了出生于墨西哥的Force India车队车手外，还有哪些墨西哥籍的Formula One赛车手也曾登上领奖台？
b. 在墨西哥籍的Formula One赛车手中，除了Sergio Pérez外，还有哪位车手曾在赛事中取得过前三名的好成绩？
c. 墨西哥籍赛车手Troconis除了赢得过Formula Vee Series的奖项外，还有哪些赛事中有他的身影？
d. 请描述一下Tony Ave的职业生涯，他有哪些重要的成就？



21
a. This singer of "A Rather Blustery Day" also voiced the hedgehog Tigger in the context of the animated musical film series featuring Winnie the Pooh.

b. No, that is incorrect. The singer of "A Rather Blustery Day" also voiced Pooh in the animated musical film featurette "Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day".

c. This singer sang "A Rather Blustery Day" and also voiced the hedgehog Tigger in Disney's animated film "Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day".

d. The singer of "A Rather Blustery Day" did not voice any hedgehog in the known context of the question. The song is from the film "Winnie the Pooh and the Blustery Day", but Tigger is not mentioned as a character who was voiced by the singer of this song.



22
a. The Siri Remote is a device that can control the program Apple Remote was originally designed to interact with.
b. The original Apple Remote was designed to interact with the Front Row media program on the iSight iMac G5.
c. Other devices that may be able to control Apple's products include other remote controls made for Apple products, such as those released before the Apple Remote, like the Macintosh TV remote.
d. Additionally, any device that has the necessary software and compatibility can potentially control Apple products, such as iOS devices with the Apple Remote app or other third-party apps that allow remote control.



23
New Questions:
a. 在音乐表演中，Badly Drawn Boy的乐器演奏者人数与参与者人数的比例相较于Wolf Alice更高吗？
b. 比较一下Badly Drawn Boy和Wolf Alice的乐队构成，哪个乐队的乐器演奏者人数更多？
c. Wolf Alice和Badly Drawn Boy在舞台上各自是如何安排乐器演奏者的数量的？哪一个乐队的成员中乐手与人的比例更高？
d. 相较于Wolf Alice的音乐表现，Badly Drawn Boy的音乐表现中有更多的乐器演奏者参与吗？



24
New Questions:
a. What was Pelé voted to be by the International Federation of Football History & Statistics (IFFHS) in 1999?
b. In what position did Kasper Schmeichel's father, Peter Schmeichel, play?
c. Who was the coach of the Danish football team in the 1992 UEFA European Football Championship?
d. Who was the goalkeeper of the Danish national handball team when Kasper Hvidt was named the best keeper for the 2008 European Men's Handball Championship?
e. What position did Isaak Hassler play as a German Lutheran organist?



25
New Questions:
a. "These Boots Are Made for Walkin'"的作词者是谁，他于哪一年去世？
b. 谁创作了歌曲"These Boots Are Made for Walkin'"并且有一位在2007年去世的著名人物？
c. "These Boots Are Made for Walkin'"的作曲家是谁，他是否在2007年去世？请给出具体的年份。
d. "These Boots Are Made for Walkin'"的作词者是谁，他在何时去世，他的职业是什么？



26
New Questions:
a. The 2010–11 VCU Rams men's basketball team represented Virginia Commonwealth University. When was the University established?
b. In what year did Virginia Commonwealth University merge MCV with the Richmond Professional Institute to create VCU?
c. What was the name of the medical college in Virginia Commonwealth University before it became Medical College of Virginia in 1854?
d. When did the 2013–14 VCU Rams men's basketball team start their season under the leadership of fifth-year head coach Shaka Smart?
e. What was the outcome of the 2013 Atlantic 10 Tournament for the VCU Rams men's basketball team under Shaka Smart's leadership?



27
New Questions:
a. Are both Archontophoenix and Huernia described as genera?
b. In the palm family, how many genera are there besides Dictyosperma?
c. What is the common name for the plant whose genus is named from two Greek words meaning "net" and "seed"?
d. What is the purpose of the flowers in Huernia genus?



28
New Questions:
a. Edgar Fosburgh Kaiser Jr. founded the Kaiser Ventures corporation, which is known for its steel manufacturing and other industrial ventures. How did he contribute to the shipbuilding industry in particular?
b. How did Henry J. Kaiser, the founder of the Kaiser Shipyards, influence the shipbuilding industry in the United States?
c. Can you provide a brief overview of the work done by Neafie & Levy in terms of shipbuilding and engineering?
d. How did the Kaiser Steel Corporation contribute to the shipbuilding industry in California through the Eagle Mountain Railroad?



29
New Questions:
a. In Tunnels and Trolls, what is the name of the adventure included in the "30th Anniversary Edition"?
b. In St. Andre's Parish in Biddeford, Maine, what was the original purpose of the church?
c. Jon St. Andre participated in which Winter Olympics?
d. The adventurers in "Mercenaries, Spies and Private Eyes" are exploring what?
e. How did Crank Caverns get their name?



30
New Questions:
a. When was the song "Make Love" by Keri Hilson released?
b. What was the name of the album that included the song "All I Wanna Do Is Make Love to You" by Heart?
c. Can you tell me about the album "Make Love Not War" by Cosmic Nomads?
d. How many tracks were included in the compilation album "Greatest Hits" by Dan Fogelberg?
e. What is the name of the American rock band that achieved great commercial success in the mid-80s to mid-90s and whose second album was titled "Open Up and Say... Ahh!"?
f. What was the title of the album that included the song "Shut Up, Make Love" by Poison?
g. Can you tell me about the song "Mind If We Make Love to You" by Wondermints?
h. What is the name of the album by Chuck Berry that was released in 1963 and included songs with overdubbed audience sounds?



31
a. Buck-Tick is a Japanese rock band formed in Fujioka, Gunma in 1983.
b. Buck-Tick originates from Japan and is one of the leading rock bands in the world.
c. The band Buck-Tick hails from the Fujioka region in Japan, and has been active since 1983.
d. Formed in 1983, Buck-Tick hails from Gunma, Japan and has gained significant popularity in Asia and beyond for their rock music.



32
a. Which French ace pilot and adventurer flew with Charles Nungesser on the L'Oiseau Blanc?
b. Who was the pilot of the L'Oiseau Blanc during its transatlantic flight attempt?
c. What was the name of the French pilot who was a renowned ace in France, ranking third highest during World War I, and flew with Nungesser on the L'Oiseau Blanc?
d. Give the name of the French pilot who, along with navigator François Coli, attempted to win the Orteig Prize by flying the L'Oiseau Blanc?



33
a. Yes, Freakonomics and In the Realm of the Hackers are both American documentaries.
b. No, only In the Realm of the Hackers is an American documentary while Freakonomics is a radio program.
c. No, only Freakonomics is an American documentary while In the Realm of the Hackers is a film about hackers.
d. Both are not American documentaries.

The correct answer is:c. No, only Freakonomics is an American documentary while In the Realm of the Hackers is a film about hackers.



34
a. Which band, Truly or Letters to Cleo, had more members?
b. What was the name of the third album released by the band that Change Has Come was the only recording for?
c. What was the name of the second album by Beat Happening, released in 1988?
d. How many members were there in the band Mad Season?



35
a. The left-wing uprisings against the Bolsheviks were defeated in 1924.
b. The Russian Civil War ended in 1922.
c. The Bolsheviks launched a surprise attack on an American army camp at Romanovka in June 1919.
d. The Russian Constitution was finally implemented and accepted by all factions in the late 19th century.



36
a. Seven Brief Lessons on Physics was written by Carlo Rovelli, an Italian physicist who has worked in France since 2000.
b. What year did Carlo Rovelli move to France to work?
c. Carlo Rovelli's book Seven Brief Lessons on Physics was written in what year?
d. What language was Seven Brief Lessons on Physics originally published in?



37
New Questions:
a. The Rainham War Memorial commemorates soldiers killed in which war, where over 60 million people were killed?
b. The Freetown Memorial commemorates those who died while serving with which force in West Africa, during which war?
c. The Arras Flying Services Memorial commemorates airmen from which country who were killed on the Western Front during World War I?
d. The Masnières Newfoundland Memorial commemorates the actions of which regiment during the First Battle of Cambrai in World War I?



38
a. No, Elko Regional Airport is located in Elko County, Nevada, while Gerald R. Ford International Airport is located in Cascade Township, Michigan.
b. Elko Regional Airport is located in Nevada, while Gerald R. Ford International Airport is located in Michigan. Are they both international airports?
c. No, Elko Regional Airport and Gerald R. Ford International Airport are not located in the same state. Elko Regional Airport is in Nevada, while Gerald R. Ford International Airport is in Michigan.
d. Both Elko Regional Airport and Gerald R. Ford International Airport are not located in Michigan. Elko Regional Airport is in Nevada, while the other airport is in Ohio.



39
a. David C. Funder teaches at a university in what city?
b. The person whose work has significantly expanded knowledge of the causal significance of individual differences was also a professor at which university?
c. What is the name of the university where E. Mavis Hetherington was a psychology professor?
d. The Columbia University is located in which city?



40
a. The Scotch Collie's ancestors include Gordon and Irish Setters.
b. The Manchester Terrier is descended from the Feist dog, which probably includes crosses between the Smooth Fox Terrier, Manchester Terrier and now extinct English White Terrier.
c. Both the Scotch Collie and Manchester Terrier have different ancestors.
d. It is not clear from the context which dog's ancestors include Gordon and Irish Setters.



41
New Questions:
a. Where is the headquarters of the company where Divya S. Menon worked as a software engineer?
b. Where did the singer in the popular wedding song "Thudakkham Maangalyam" from Anjali Menon's Bangalore Days work as a software engineer prior to her singing career?
c. What is the name of the company that Sachin Warrier worked for before he became a playback singer in the Malayalam cinema industry?
d. Before Sachin Bansal co-founded India's e-commerce platform Flipkart, where did he work as a software engineer?



42
a. Masakazu Katsura was born in 1962.
Masakazu Katsura is the author of the Japanese manga series "I's", which features a 16-year-old high school student named Ichitaka Seto as its protagonist. He was born in December 10, 1962. Therefore, the answer to this question is 1962.



43
a. The victory of the Ethiopian army in the First Italo-Ethiopian War.

Explanation: Giuseppe Arimondi was an Italian general who died in combat at Adwa during the First Italo-Ethiopian War. His death secured a decisive victory for the Ethiopian army, which had been fighting against the Italians since 1895. The battle of Adwa was a major turning point in the war, resulting in a significant defeat for the Italians and ensuring Ethiopia's sovereignty and freedom from colonization.



44
Alfred Balk served as the secretary of the Committee on the Employment of Minority Groups in the News Media under United States Vice President Nelson Rockefeller.



45
New Questions:
a. Which village in East Lothian is situated on the north shore of the Firth of Forth?
b. Dirleton village is situated east of which city?
c. The name Haddington is believed to originate from which era?
d. What is the name of the coastal area that borders Yellowcraigs to the north?



46
The writer of the song that was inspired by words on a tombstone and was the first track on the box set "Back to Mono" is Phil Spector. The song is titled "To Know Him Is to Love Him".



47
a. The World Summit of Nobel Peace Laureates.
b. The Center for Jewish Renewal.
c. A series of protest demonstrations and vigils.
d. The Soviet Union's Black Sea Shipping Company conference.



48
a. Are both Ferocactus and Silene cacti?
b. Are Ferocactus and Silene both flowering plants?
c. Are there any other similarities between Ferocactus and Silene?
d. What are the main characteristics of Ferocactus?



49
a. The Savoia-Marchetti SM.79 was a British first-generation jet-powered medium bomber used in the South West Pacific theatre of World War II.
b. The English Electric Canberra was a British first-generation jet-powered medium bomber that was used in the South West Pacific theatre of World War II.
c. The Tupolev Tu-12 was an experimental Soviet jet-powered medium bomber, but it was not used in the South West Pacific theatre of World War II.
d. No specific British first-generation jet-powered medium bomber was used in the South West Pacific theatre of World War II.



50
New Questions:
a. What year did the Colorado Buffaloes play in the Big 12 Conference with a record of 3–9 and a 2–6 conference play? It was their 2015 football season.
b. What conference did the 2014–15 Colorado Buffaloes men's basketball team play in? They played in the Pac-12 Conference.
c. In which conference did the 2016–17 Colorado Buffaloes men's basketball team participate? They participated in the Pac-12 Conference.
d. How many wins did the 2014 Colorado Buffaloes football team achieve in the Pac-12 play? They achieved 2 wins in the Pac-12 play.
e. What was the record of the 2009 Big 12 Conference football season? The record was not specifically provided for this season in the provided context.



51
a. Carrefour hypermarkets acquired Euromarché in 1991, which operated more than 1,462 hypermarkets worldwide at the end of 2016.

b. Carrefour bought Euromarché in 1991, and by the end of 2016 it had operated thousands of hypermarkets across the globe.

c. In 1991, Euromarché was acquired by a retailer that, at the end of 2016, operated over a thousand hypermarkets worldwide. This retailer was Carrefour S.A.

d. In 1991, Carrefour acquired Euromarché, which, by the end of 2016, had expanded to include more than one thousand hypermarkets in its chain.



52
a. What is the name of the race track in South Carolina that hosts a NASCAR Sprint Cup race in May?
b. What is the name of the annual race held at Darlington Raceway in Darlington, South Carolina, USA?
c. What is the famous 500 mile race that took place on Mother's Day weekend in Darlington Raceway?
d. What is the race that was held at North Carolina Speedway since 1966 and was sponsored by Subway?



53
New Questions:
a. How many degrees did Ron Bottcher earn from the University of Montana?
b. In which decade did Ron Bottcher make his debut at the Santa Fe Opera?
c. What was the name of the role that Ron Bottcher portrayed in the world premieres of Samuel Barber's "Antony and Cleopatra"?
d. The film "La bohème" is based on an opera by whom?
e. What is the name of the aria from "Gianni Schicchi" that is one of Puccini's most famous?
f. What is the name of the festival that celebrates the operas of Giacomo Puccini?
g. Who is Cesira Ferrani known for debuting two iconic roles in?
h. When did Jacopo Puccini die?
i. How did Jacopo Puccini's work influence the later work of his great-great-grandson Giacomo Puccini?
j. In what city did the opera "Festival Puccini" take place?



54
a. Ellie Goulding worked with Savan Kotecha, Ilya Salmanzadeh, Max Martin on her third studio album, Delirium.
b. Ellie Goulding collaborated with Fraser T Smith on her third studio album "Delirium". Who else did she work with on this album?
c. On Ellie Goulding's third studio album "Delirium," apart from Max Martin and Savan Kotecha, who else did she work with?
d. In addition to the known collaborators on Ellie Goulding's "Delirium" album, who were some of the other writers she worked with?



55
a. What city in Australia was founded in 1838?
b. Which Australian city contains a boarding school opened by a Prime Minister of Australia?
c. Which boarding school in Australia is named after a school in London of the same name?
d. Which city contains a boarding school named Westminster School in Australia?



56
a. Drifting is the oversteering technique that D1NZ is based on.
b. Drifting is a driving technique where the driver intentionally oversteers, with loss of traction in the rear wheels or all tires, while maintaining control and driving the car through the entirety of a corner. D1NZ is a production car drifting series in New Zealand that involves this technique.
c. D1NZ is a drifting series based on the technique of oversteering, where the driver loses traction in the rear wheels while trying to maintain control and guide the car through a corner.
d. The series D1NZ is centered on the oversteering technique known as drifting, which involves loss of traction in the rear wheels while maintaining control of the vehicle through a turn.



57
a. Keith Bostic is younger than Jerry Glanville.
b. Jerry Glanville is younger than Keith Bostic.
c. Their ages are unknown.
d. They are the same age.



58
a. What was the population of Boston, Lincolnshire in 2001 according to the census?
b. What was the population of Kirton End's civil parish, Kirton, in 2001?
c. In the 2001 census, how many people were recorded in the civil parish of Kirton End?
d. What was the population of the district in which Kirton End is located in 2001?



59
New Questions:
a. Is "Cupressus" both a genus and a family?
b. Do all members of the "Libocedrus" genus belong to the cypress family?
c. Is "Ajuga" a genus of conifer trees?
d. Are "Cupressus" and "Libocedrus" both genera of the same family?



60
a. Ayana Walker was a member of the Charlotte Hornets during their 1992-93 season and was also a head coach for the WNBA team Charlotte Sting. She is not held for any particular distinction related to her time with the Hornets or as coach for the Sting.

b. Muggsy Bogues is the former NBA player who played point guard for the Charlotte Hornets during their 1992-93 season. He also served as head coach of the now-defunct WNBA team Charlotte Sting. The distinction held by Muggsy Bogues is that he is the shortest player ever to play in the National Basketball Association.

c. The former NBA player who played for the Charlotte Hornets during their 1992-93 season and served as head coach for the WNBA team Charlotte Sting is Sheryl Swoopes. She is known for being a highly successful player in both the NBA and WNBA, and for her leadership in the WNBA team.

d. The former NBA player who was a member of the Charlotte Hornets during their 1992-93 season and later coached the WNBA's Charlotte Sting is Alonzo Mourning. He is distinguished for his play on the court with the Hornets, as well as his coaching abilities with the Sting.



61
a. What is the name of the executive producer of the movie Innerspace?
b. Who is the executive producer of the film that has music composed by Jerry Goldsmith?
c. What is Steven Spielberg's role in the film that has music composed by Jerry Goldsmith?
d. Which movie directed by Joe Dante features music by Jerry Goldsmith?



62
New Questions:
a. Emma Bull or Adeline Virginia Woolf was born earlier?
b. Compare the life spans of Emma Bull and Virginia Woolf.
c. Emma Bull's contribution to literature is similar to that of which other figure from the context list?
d. What are some of the key works by Jane Marcus that have influenced the understanding of Virginia Woolf's writings?



63
a. What is the Roud Folk Song Index number of the nursery rhyme that inspired "What Are Little Girls Made Of," which was first broadcast in October 1966?

b. What is the traditional nursery rhyme from which the title of the 19th century episode of the American science fiction television series was taken? The episode was named after the fourth line of that nursery rhyme.

c. Can you tell me about the Roud Folk Song Index number of the nursery rhyme "What Are Little Girls Made Of"?

d. What is the nursery rhyme that inspired the title of an episode of an American science fiction television series, with a Roud Folk Song Index number different from that of the male version?



64
a. Scott Parkin has been a vocal critic of the Halliburton Company, which has operations in more than 70 countries.
b. Scott Parkin's criticism has also extended to Mobil Producing Nigeria, which operates in numerous countries. Can you provide a more specific number of countries in which Mobil Producing Nigeria operates?
c. Scott Parkin has spoken out against corporations such as Exxonmobil and PRX-07034's former owner Epix Pharmaceuticals. How many countries does Epix Pharmaceuticals operate in?
d. Scott Parkin's criticism has also been directed at corporations like the Oil and Natural Resources Company of New Jersey (prior to 1972 known as Standard Oil Company of New Jersey). How many countries did Standard Oil Company of New Jersey operate in during its time as a dominant global petroleum company?



65
a. Rose Mcgowan was best known for being in the WB supernatural drama series "Charmed".
b. Rose Mcgowan was best known for being in the WB drama series "Dawson's Creek".
c. Rose Mcgowan was best known for being in the film "Final Destination".
d. Rose Mcgowan was best known for being in the TV series "Safe Harbor".



66
a. Vince Phillips held the IBF junior welterweight title, which is recognized by the International Boxing Hall of Fame (IBHOF) as one of the four major organizations that sanction world championship boxing bouts. The other three organizations recognized by the IBHOF are the World Boxing Association (WBA), World Boxing Council (WBC), and World Boxing Organization (WBO).

b. What organization did Vince Phillips win his junior welterweight title from?
Vince Phillips won his junior welterweight title from the IBF (International Boxing Federation).

c. Which organization did Vince Phillips compete in to become the IBF junior welterweight champion?
Vince Phillips competed in the International Boxing Federation (IBF) to become the IBF junior welterweight champion.

d. Can you tell me about the Hall of Fame that recognizes the organization in which Vince Phillips held a title?
The Hall of Fame that recognizes the organization in which Vince Phillips held a title is the International Boxing Hall of Fame (IBHOF).



67
a. Usher

Explanation:
The original question asks about the singer whose song was released as the lead single from the album "Confessions" and who had a popular song that was stuck behind for eight consecutive weeks. The answer is Usher, as mentioned in the context of the question about "Yeah!" being a song by Usher and being released as the lead single from his album "Confessions".



68
a. The younger brother of the episode guest stars of "The Hard Easy (film)" is not mentioned in the context.

b. In the case of "The Hard Easy" episode of "Adventure Time", the younger brother of the guest star Brian Doyle-Murray, who played Prince Huge, is not mentioned in the context.

c. In the context of "Roy's Wedding", an episode of "The Office", the younger brother of any of the episode guest stars is not mentioned.



69
New Questions:
a. The 2018–19 Wigan Athletic F.C. season will compete in the Carabao Cup. What is the name of the sponsor for this year's competition?
b. In the 2017–18 season, what is the name of the competition that Wigan Athletic F.C. participated in addition to the league, along with the FA Cup?
c. Who was appointed as manager of Wigan Athletic F.C. on 31 May 2017, following the departure of much of the previous coaching staff?
d. What was the outcome of the FA Cup match in the 2017–18 season for Wigan Athletic F.C.?



70
a. Tara Strong's major voice role in animated series is Teen Titans Go! which is an American animated television series based on the DC Comics fictional superhero team, the "Teen Titans".
b. Tara Strong's major voice role in animated series is the Fairly OddParents. Is this a DC Comics superhero team? No, it's not a DC Comics superhero team but Tara Strong does provide her voice for some characters in the Teen Titans animated series.
c. Tara Strong provided her voice for many animated series characters, one of them being Teen Titans. In this series, what is her most notable role? Her most notable role in Teen Titans is probably as Raven, the dark sorceress.
d. Can you tell me about Tara Strong's role in Teen Titans that makes her stand out? Tara Strong portrays Raven in Teen Titans, a dark sorceress with a unique magical ability and a complex character development. Her portrayal adds depth and emotional complexity to the series.



71
a. What is the inhabitant of Strasbourg in 2014?
b. In 2014, what was the population of the city where the 122nd SS-Standarte was formed?
c. What is the population of the metropolitan area where Strasbourg is located in 2013?
d. What was the population of the Eurodistrict Strasbourg-Ortenau in 2014?



72
a. What color clothing do people in the Netherlands wear during major sporting events, especially international football championships?

b. In the Netherlands, what color is traditionally worn to celebrate the birthday of King Willem-Alexander on Koningsdag?

c. During Oranjegekte, what color clothing is associated with the Dutch royal family, the House of Orange-Nassau?

d. What color is often worn by people in the Netherlands during national holidays related to the royal family?



73
a. Tromeo and Juliet.



74
a. Robert Suettinger was the national intelligence officer under former Governor of Arkansas Bill Clinton.
b. Who was Robert Suettinger's supervisor when he served as the national intelligence officer for East Asia at the National Intelligence Council (NIC)?
c. Robert Suettinger's areas of specialty in the National Intelligence Council included which two countries?
d. Robert Suettinger wrote a book about which event?



75
New Questions:
a. What professional surfer from the United States was born on October 18th, 1992, and achieved success in the Moche Rip Curl Pro Portugal 2015?
b. Who is the top American surfer known for his dominance in the Pipe and who won the title of 2016 World Surf League Men's Champion?
c. In the MEO Rip Curl Pro Portugal 2017, which American professional surfer born in 1992 was the defending champion?
d. Can you name the American professional surfer who won the MEO Rip Curl Pro Portugal in 2016 and is regarded as the best surfer in the world?



76
New Questions:
a. In which city was the television film Suburban Madness centered?
b. What is the name of the character played by Sela Ward in the film Suburban Madness?
c. What is the given name of the person whose only child decided to go by their middle name Christopher?
d. The character in Suburban Madness was named Bobbi Bacha, what was her profession?



77
a. Alvaro Mexia had a diplomatic mission with the Ais native population.
b. Alvaro Mexia was sent on a diplomatic mission to the native populations living south of St. Augustine and in the Cape Canaveral area, resulting in a "Period of Friendship" between the Spanish and the Ais native population.
c. Alvaro Mexia's mission was to establish friendly relations with the indigenous people living in Florida.
d. The exact tribe of indigenous people with whom Alvaro Mexia had a diplomatic mission is not specified in the context, but it was likely with the Ais people.



78
a. What was Alfred Gell's nationality?
b. What was the nationality of the social anthropologist who trained Alfred Gell and did fieldwork in Melanesia and tribal India?
c. What was the nationality of the British social anthropologist who was trained by both Alfred Gell and Raymond Firth and who wrote about agricultural rites in the Trobriand Islands? (Note: There is no correct answer for this question as no such person is mentioned in the context.)
d. What was the nationality of the person who died of cancer at the age of 51, whose work was most influential in art, language, symbolism and ritual?



79
a. In which year was King George V born?
b. What was the date of George V's birth?
c. When did King George V start his reign?
d. How many years was King George V alive for?



80
New Questions:
a. What is the county seat of Sullivan County, New Hampshire?
b. Where is the town of Lempster located in New Hampshire?
c. What is the population of Lempster as recorded in the 2010 census?
d. In which state is the Gardnerville Branch Jail located?



81
a. The rock singer's stage name is Bob Seger.
b. The rock singer is known by the stage name Bob Seger.
c. Bob Seger is the stage name of the rock singer.
d. The eleventh album by the rock singer Robert C Seger, born on May 6, 1945, is "Against the Wind". Seger's stage name is Bob Seger.



82
a. Rostker v. Goldberg held that the practice of requiring only men to register for the draft was constitutional.



83
a. What American multinational company sells the Handi-Snacks snack food product line?
b. Mondelez International is known for selling various snack food brands. Can you tell me more about its product line?
c. How many people are employed by Mondelez International worldwide?
d. What is the origin of the name "Mondelez International"?



84
a. Monica Lewinsky was the woman from the book "Their Lives: The Women Targeted by the Clinton Machine" and she was also a former White House intern.
b. Lewinsky was involved in a high-profile political sex scandal with President Bill Clinton in the late 1990s.
c. The scandal, often referred to as the "Lewinsky scandal," involved her relationship with Clinton and led to controversy and legal proceedings.
d. Lewinsky has since become an activist, television personality, and fashion designer, speaking out about her experience and advocating for women's issues.



85
a. Paul Manafort was born on April 1, 1949.
b. Donald Trump's political consultant Paul Manafort was born in 1949.



86
New Questions:
a. In what year was the novel "The Golden Hour" first published?
b. What is the name of the second novel in the Golden Hour time travel series?
c. What is the name of the character in "Crime and Punishment" whose story is told?
d. What is the title of Lourenço Mutarelli's novel that was adapted into a film in 2006?
e. The Birds on the Trees is a novel about a family whose son doesn't live up to their expectations, what is the name of this son?



87
a. Teide National Park is located in the Canary Islands of Spain in the municipality of La Gomera and in the city of Santa Cruz de Tenerife, while Garajonay National Park is also located in the Canary Islands in La Gomera island in Spain's province of Tenerife.
b. What is the location of the two national parks Parque nacional del Teide and Parque nacional de Garajonay?
c. Can you tell me about the location of both Teide National Park and Garajonay National Park?
d. Teide National Park and Garajonay National Park are both located in which region or country?



88
New Questions:
a. What is the sales record of the hardcover edition of Roald Dahl's short stories for adults?
b. How many copies have been sold worldwide of the collection "The Collected Short Stories of Roald Dahl"?
c. What is the sales figure of "The Best of Roald Dahl" collection?
d. What was the response to the short story "Mrs. Bixby and the Colonel's Coat" when it was first published? Was it well received or controversial?



89
New Questions:
a. What is the common profession of Chris Menges and Linda Mvusi?
b. Both Chris Menges and Aram Avakian have worked in the film industry. What is the one thing they share in common in their work?
c. Can you identify any other shared occupation between Chris Menges and the director of the film "End of the Road"?
d. What occupation do Chris Menges and the director of "Second Best" have in common?



90
New Questions:
a. Andrew Jaspan was the co-founder of an independent not-for-profit media outlet known as what?
b. What website did Andrew Jaspan co-found that focuses on analysis and news from the university and research sector?
c. Andrew Jaspan was Editor-in-Chief of which website from its launch in March 2011 until March 2017?
d. Andrew Jaspan co-founded a media outlet that is not-for-profit and independent, what is this outlet's focus?



91
a. Which director hosted the 32nd Independent Spirit Awards in 2017?
b. Who was the host of the 28th Independent Spirit Awards in 2012?
c. Can you tell me about the host of the Independent Spirit Awards in 2003?
d. Name the American film director who hosted the Independent Spirit Awards in March 2003.



92
New Questions:
a. Where was the album "Why Is There Air?" recorded?
b. What is the name of the hotel where Bill Cosby recorded some of his music?
c. What is the name of the album that features the song "Yes, Yes, Yes"?
d. Where did Bill Cosby record his first album?



93
a. What is the distinction between the drinks Gibson and zurracapote in terms of their ingredients?
b. Is the Gibson cocktail known for its gin content?
c. Do both Gibson and zurracapote contain alcohol?
d. Is there any overlap in the ingredients of Gibson and Zurracapote?



94
a. In what month is the Chagrin Documentary Film Festival held?
b. What is the name of the documentary film festival that takes place in New Haven, Connecticut?
c. When did the British Journal of Social Psychology start publishing?
d. What is the impact factor of the British Journal of Social Psychology in the year 2010?



95
New Questions:
a. Poughkeepsie Galleria is situated in which county in New York?
b. What county is the Cobb Galleria Centre located in?
c. What is the population of Tysons, Virginia as recorded in the 2010 census?
d. What is the name of the shopping center located in West McLean, Virginia?



96
a. Viglen Ltd provides IT products and services, including storage systems, servers, workstations.
b. What is the company that Bordan Tkachuk was CEO of known for providing?
c. Bordan Tkachuk's former company provided products in what area?
d. What type of products does Bordan Tkachuk's former company offer?



97
a. Lev Yilmaz was known for animation.

In the provided context, Lev Yilmaz is mentioned as being a San Francisco based independent film maker, artist, and publisher, best known for his “Tales of Mere Existence” animated comic series. Therefore, Lev Yilmaz was known for animation.



98
a. In which city is the ambassador of the Moroccan government to China based?
b. What is the location of the Moroccan ambassador in Beijing?
c. Where does the ambassador of the Rabat government represent the government in China?
d. Where is the main office of the Moroccan ambassador to China located?



99
New Questions:
a. What are the different levels of cities in China? Please compare Fuding and Yingkou in terms of their city levels?
b. What is the difference between Yingkou and Fuding in terms of their status as cities in China?
c. Are Fuding and Yingkou both prefecture-level cities in China?
d. How do Fuding and Yingkou differ in terms of their administrative levels within China's regional structure?



100
New Questions:
a. Where did the Black Seminoles settle after escaping the threat of slavery in the United States?
b. What is the name of the place where the Black Seminoles are centered in Mexico?
c. In which Indian territory did the Seminole people go after being removed from Florida?
d. Where did the descendants of Black Seminoles who settled in India during the Nizam rule reside?



101
a. Latice Crawford
b. Karen Clark Sheard
c. Larnelle Harris
d. J-Shin
e. Muyiwa Olarewaju

Explanation:
The original question asks about David Huntsinger's collaboration with a gospel singer born in July. The context provided multiple names of gospel singers but only Larnelle Harris is known to be born in July (born July 6, 1947). Therefore, the answer is Larnelle Harris.



102
a. The brother of the first round draft pick by the Washington Redskins was drafted in the second round of the 2003 NFL Draft.
b. Champ Bailey, the brother of the first round draft pick by the Washington Redskins, was drafted in the first round of the 1999 NFL Draft.
c. The brother of the first round draft pick by the Washington Redskins was drafted in 1974.
d. The brother of Tom Draper, who was drafted by the Washington Redskins in the first round, was drafted in 20th round of the draft taking place in 2003.



103
New Questions:
a. 1964 Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football team played their home games at which stadium?
b. Bobby Dodd Stadium is located on which campus?
c. Where is Bobby Dodd Stadium located in Atlanta?
d. What is the capacity of Bobby Dodd Stadium?



104
a. Since 2 June 2017, Leo Varadkar has been the Leader of Fine Gael. He is an Irish Fine Gael politician who has served as Taoiseach and Minister for Defence.
b. Given that Enda Kenny resigned as party leader in 2017, Leo Varadkar has been the leader of Fine Gael since then. He has also served as Taoiseach and Minister for Defence.
c. Since June 2nd, 2017, Leo Varadkar has been the leader of Fine Gael. He has served as both Taoiseach and Minister for Defence in Ireland.
d. Leo Varadkar has been the Leader of Fine Gael since June 2nd, 2017 after the resignation of Enda Kenny. During his term, he has served as both Taoiseach and Minister for Defence.



105
a. Which American film actor and dancer played in the movie "Johnny Be Good"?
b. Who was the star of the movie "Flickorna i Småland" in 1945?
c. What actor was known for his portrayal of gangsters in crime melodramas of the 1930s and 1940s?
d. What American actor played a resident of Massachusetts who is now a Los Angeles Weekly columnist and talk show host?



106
a. Three Men on a Horse is a play by George Abbott and John Cecil Holm. It is not known to the database when George Abbott and John Cecil Holm were born.

b. Three Men on a Horse was written by George Abbott and John Cecil Holm. While the exact birth year of George Abbott is not certain, he was born in the early part of the 20th century.

c. The play "Three Men on a Horse" was written by George Abbott and John Cecil Holm. No specific birth year for either of them is given in the context.

d. The playwright of "Three Men on a Horse" has not been specified in the context to be born in a particular year.



107
New Questions:
a. Owner earnings and Warren Buffett's investment approach have what type of commonality?
b. How does the concept of owner earnings relate to Warren Buffett's value investing principles?
c. What is the connection between Warren Buffett's work and the term "owner earnings"?
d. What is the significance of owner earnings in the context of Warren Buffett's investment strategies?



108
Zaheer Khan was born on October 7th, 1978.



109
New Questions:
a. What type of aircraft was tested by the 413th Flight Test Squadron when it was named after a specific plane model?
b. Hill Air Force Base is named after Major Ployer Peter Hill. What kind of aircraft did he test-fly?
c. What type of aircraft has the 370th Flight Test Squadron tested at Edwards Air Force Base?
d. The 417th Flight Test Squadron was reactivated in 2006, what was it testing at that time?



110
a. Based on a True Story... is an album by American country music artist Blake Shelton. The single My Eyes is a song recorded by him featuring Gwen Sebastian.

Question:Who is the expert on vintage American guitars?

Output:
b. The expert on vintage American guitars is George Gruhn, according to Walter Carter, historian and archivist for the Gibson Guitar Company.

Question:What is the name of the album that featured the song "Stranger in the House"?

Output:
c. The song "Stranger in the House" was featured on the album "My Very Special Guests" by country music star George Jones.

Question:Randy Travis' album "This Is Me" was released in which year?

Output:
d. Randy Travis' album "This Is Me" was released in 1994.



111
a. How many centuries did it take to build the "residence or dwelling place" mentioned in the context of the Tabernacle?
b. Can you provide an estimate of the time period it took to construct the Montezuma Castle National Monument dwellings?
c. How many centuries did the Andlang, the second heavenly realm in Norse mythology, exist?
d. How many centuries did the Sinagua people build their dwellings at the Montezuma Castle National Monument?



112
a. When was Hunter Davies born?
b. When was Edward Hunter Davies born?
c. What is the name of the person who wrote the novel on which "Here We Go Round the Mulberry Bush" was based?
d. What year did Hunter Davies write the novel "Here We Go Round the Mulberry Bush"?



113
a. Who was born earlier, George Archainbaud or Ralph Murphy?
b. George Archainbaud or Ralph Murphy, who lived longer?
c. When did George Archainbaud die?
d. When did Ralph Murphy die?



114
New Questions:
a. Which compound in the Picric acid description has the formula (ON)CHOH?
b. What is the name of the chemical compound that is an explosive mixture of Picric acid and Dinitrophenol in a ratio of 70/30?
c. In the context of alcohol, what is ethanol specifically known for?
d. In the description of Aldonic acid, what is the general formula for sugar acids?



115
New Questions:
a. The player who holds the record for the most victories in the Northern California PGA Championship, how many tournaments has he won worldwide?
b. In the 2000 PGA Championship, how many shots ahead was Tiger Woods of third-place finisher Thomas Bjørn?
c. The 1940 PGA Championship was held in which city?
d. What is the name of the person who won the most tournaments in the Argentine PGA Championship history?



116
a. What is the name of the album that features a song based on Marvel Comics character?
b. What is the song on the album based on Marvel Comics character?
c. How many days did it take to record the album?
d. Who is the producer of the album?



117
a. What is the title of the person who introduced the Modernization of Investigative Techniques Act?
b. Who introduced the Modernization of Investigative Techniques Act in the Canadian House of Commons?
c. What political party did Christopher Van Hollen Jr. belong to when he served as the U.S. Representative for Maryland?
d. What is the current position of Christopher Van Hollen in the United States government?



118
a. 是的，Skin Yard是一支来自美国的乐队。
b. Ostava不是来自美国的乐队，他们来自保加利亚。
c. Skin Yard既是一个乐队的名字，也是该乐队发行的一张专辑的名字，该乐队来自美国西雅图。
d. Skin Yard是来自美国西雅图的一个grunge乐队，而Ostava是一个来自保加利亚的另类摇滚乐队。



119
a. Yes, Daryl Hall and Gerry Marsden are both musicians.
b. Daryl Hall is a musician and songwriter, while Gerry Marsden is an English musician and television personality.
c. Both Daryl Hall and Gerry Marsden are known for their musical achievements and contributions to the music industry.
d. Daryl Hall is a member of Hall & Oates, while Gerry Marsden was the leader of Gerry and the Pacemakers. Both are associated with notable musical groups.



120
New Questions:
a. What is the name of the major truck route in the vicinity of Backford Cross?
b. What is the name of the road that connects Shotwick and Helsby in Cheshire?
c. What is the primary truck route between Fort Worth and Amarillo, Texas?
d. Can you provide the name of a road that links London and Birkenhead in England, and has been partially replaced by motorways?



121
New Questions:
a. In which role did Anne Heche star in the 2005 Hallmark Entertainment made-for-television drama film "Silver Bells"?
b. Luanne Rice wrote a novel which was the basis for which Hallmark Hall of Fame movie?
c. What was the title of the movie that was produced by Hallmark Entertainment and Larry Levinson Productions, filmed in Croatia, and originally premiered on Hallmark Channel in 2004?
d. In the 1999 Hallmark Entertainment made-for-TV fantasy movie "The Magical Legend of the Leprechauns", who played the role of a fairy?



122
New Questions:
a. What is the title of the film where Sarah Bolger plays a role, and it revolves around a family discovering a world of magical creatures on their property?
b. In which fantasy movie did Sarah Bolger star, where the plot involved a family's encounter with supernatural beings in their New England estate?
c. Please name the animated musical fantasy film that features Sarah Bolger's voice as a shy princess who discovers a secret door leading to a world of magical creatures?
d. What is the name of the movie where Sarah Bolger plays a character who finds a door leading to a realm of fantastical beings in her kingdom?



123
New Questions:
a. Maxeda has been owned since 2004 by which American private equity firm led by a consortium of investors?
b. Which American private equity firm has owned Maxeda since 2004?
c. Kohlberg Kravis Roberts (KKR) is an American multinational private equity firm. Since 2004, which Dutch retail group has KKR owned?
d. Since 2004, which American firm has been the owner of Maxeda, a Dutch retail group?



124
a. Cressida Bonas co-starred with Douglas Smith and Lucien Laviscount in the 2017 film "Bottom of the World".
b. Cressida Bonas featured in the 2017 film "Chainsaw" along with Douglas Smith and Lucien Laviscount.
c. Cressida Bonas, Douglas Smith, and Lucien Laviscount co-starred in the American supernatural horror film "The Bye Bye Man" in 2017.
d. Cressida Bonas stars with Douglas Smith and Lucien Laviscount in the drama film directed by Richard Sears in 2017.



125
a. What is the name of the town on the banks of the river that is reached after Mummulgum on the Bruxner Highway?
b. Tabulam is located on a different highway. What is the name of the highway it is situated on?
c. How many people were living in Tabulam according to the 2006 Census?
d. What is the population of Goonellabah in Australia?



126
a. Who was the owner of a recording studio located in the San Francisco Bay Area and was also an audio engineer for the film and video game industry, who passed away in 2016?

b. What is the name of the San Francisco Bay Area city that is the county seat of Alameda County and a major West Coast port city?

c. Which boys' and young men's chorus in the San Francisco Bay Area is known for winning a Grammy Award for Best Classical Album in 2000?

d. What is the name of the creek that runs out of the Berkeley Hills in the East Bay area of the San Francisco Bay Area and marks the city limit with the adjacent city of Albany?



127
a. When was Haripur Barabari palace founded?
b. What year did Mike Dunbar die?
c. When did the last Bedesman die?
d. When was Spynie Palace also known as Spynie Castle founded?



128
a. Bubblegum Alley is located in San Luis Obispo, California.
b. The Bubblegum Alley is located in an alley in downtown San Luis Obispo, known for its accumulation of used bubble gum on the walls.
c. The Bubblegum Alley is a tourist attraction in San Luis Obispo, where passers-by often chew bubble gum and leave it on the walls of an alley.
d. The Bubblegum Alley covers a stretch of 20 meters in the 700 block of Higuera Street in downtown San Luis Obispo.



129
a. The January 2, 2012 game featured the University of Louisville team at Papa John's Cardinal Stadium.
b. The 2012 game, featuring the University of Louisville team, took place at their home stadium known as Papa John's Cardinal Stadium.
c. On January 2, 2012, the University of Louisville team played at their home venue, which was Papa John's Cardinal Stadium.
d. The 2012 Louisville Cardinals football team represented the University of Louisville in the 2012 NCAA Division I FBS football season, playing their home games at Papa John's Cardinal Stadium when they hosted games.



130
a. LaLee's Kin: The Legacy of Cotton was nominated for Best Documentary Feature at the 74th Academy Awards.
b. Gimme Shelter, the 1970 Rolling Stones documentary film was not nominated for an Oscar.
c. Both films were nominated for Oscars in different categories.
d. It is unclear which film was nominated for an Oscar award.



131
New Questions:
a. Which board game was released in 2006?
b. What is the name of the game that is a card game adaptation of "The Settlers of Catan"?
c. How many expansions are there for the Catan Card Game?
d. What is the German title of "Elasund: The First City"?
e. Which game is based on the game mechanics of "Settlers of Catan" and depicts the fall of the Western Roman Empire?
f. What is the name of the second game in the "Catan Histories" series?



132
a. Alice David is the voice of Lara Croft in a video game developed by Core Design.
b. Alice David is the voice of Lara Croft in a video game developed by Crystal Dynamics.
c. Alice David is the voice of Lara Croft in a game published by Square Enix.
d. Alice David's involvement in the development of Tomb Raider games is not known specifically to be either Core Design or Crystal Dynamics, but she has voiced Lara Croft in a game published by Square Enix.



133
a. The Monster (song)
b. Encore (Eminem song)
c. You and Me (Uniting Nations song)
d. None of the above albums included vocals from a singer who had an album titled "Unapologetic".



134
New Questions:
a. This American crime film, set in South Los Angeles, was written and directed by David Ayer. What is the name of this film?
b. David Ayer directed the film "End of Watch". What other crime films did he write and direct?
c. David Ayer is known for writing and directing crime films. What was the title of his film that was released in 2014?
d. In addition to "Sabotage" and "Fury," which other crime film did David Ayer write and direct that featured police officers in Los Angeles?



135
a. SuperMansion did not feature any actress who had a recurring role on Workaholics. The two entities share no direct connection in terms of cast members or characters.

b. Jillian Bell, who had a recurring role as Jillian Belk on "Workaholics," did not star in "SuperMansion."

c. The actress who starred in SuperMansion and had a recurring role as Naomi in the British sitcom "Respectable" did not appear on Workaholics.

d. The actress who had a recurring role on "Workaholics" is not connected to the cast of "SuperMansion."



136
a. The 1974 Texas Tech Raiders football team represented Texas Tech University in Lubbock, Texas.
b. In 1974, the Texas Tech Raiders football team represented the public research institution of Texas Tech University located in Lubbock, Texas.
c. The Texas Tech University in Lubbock, Texas was represented by its football team, the 1974 Texas Tech Raiders.
d. The 1974 Texas Tech Raiders football team was the representative of Texas Tech University, a public research university situated in Lubbock, Texas.



137
a. During the Siege of Bharatpur, the Commander-in-Chief who contributed to the storming of the castle was Stapleton Cotton, 1st Viscount Combermere.
b. There is no specific mention of any Commander-in-Chief of Ireland contributing to the storming of the castle during the Siege of Bharatpur.
c. During the Siege of Bharatpur, no specific Commander-in-Chief of India is mentioned to have contributed to the storming of the castle.
d. The storming of the castle during the Siege of Bharatpur was achieved by the forces of General Gerard Lake, who led the British East India Company's forces.



138
a. The production company for The Year Without a Santa Claus is best known for its seasonal television specials, particularly its stop-motion animation.
b. The production company is known for its work in stop motion animation.
c. The production company is known for producing live-action remakes of classic Christmas films.
d. The production company is known for its work in music videos and concerts.



139
a. What year was the release of the film "Mystery Girl"?
b. What year did Nat Wolff release his first music for the series "The Naked Brothers Band"?
c. What year did the TV movie "Operation Mojo" air on Nickelodeon?
d. What is the release year of the soundtrack album "I Don't Want to Go to School"?



140
a. The author of Sexual Politics attended Oxford University in Britain.
b. What university did the author of Sexual Politics study at? 
c. Which university did the American feminist writer attend in the UK? 
d. Where did the American feminist and activist Katherine Murray Millett study in Britain?



141
a. Roberta Vinci had the best singles ranking.
b. Jorge Lozano had the best singles ranking.
c. Roberta Vinci and Jorge Lozano had similar singles rankings.
d. Information about Roberta Vinci's and Jorge Lozano's best singles rankings is not provided in the context.



142
a. Both Truth in Science and Discovery embrace the "Teach the Controversy" campaign.
b. Discovery Institute embraces the "Teach the Controversy" campaign, while Truth in Science promotes it alongside evolution in school science lessons.
c. Both organizations promote the Discovery Institute's "Teach the Controversy" campaign, which aims to get pseudoscientific intelligent design creationism taught alongside evolution in school science lessons.



143
a. Josey Scott was incarcerated and it impacted his career with Saliva.
b. Ian Watkins was incarcerated and it impacted his career with Lostprophets.
c. Both Josey Scott and Ian Watkins were incarcerated, with no impact on their respective band careers.
d. Neither Josey Scott nor Ian Watkins were incarcerated.



144
New Questions:
a. The movies Girl Seeks Father and Battle Beyond the Sun share a common link to which year in their context? Both were featured in 1959.

b. The feature films Battle Beyond the Stars and Battle Beyond the Sun were both related to what specific event or theme? Both were related to space travel and space warfare.

c. Both Battle Beyond the Stars and Queen of Blood are science fiction films. What is the common theme in these two movies? Both movies involve science fiction elements like outer space and alien concepts.

d. In terms of box office success, both Battle Beyond the Stars and The Key were highly successful films in their respective years of release. What is the common aspect that both films share? Both films were highly popular and well-watched at their time of release.



145
a. Erika Jayne was born first. She was born on July 10, 1971.

b. Marco Da Silva was born on April 5, 1982.



146
a. The Reading Post changed its name in 2009 from Reading Evening Post.
b. The Reading Post changed its name in 2010.
c. The Reading Post's name change occurred in the early 2000s.
d. The name of the English local newspaper was not changed recently and still goes by the name Reading Post.



147
a. What is the name of the realm led by Aonghus Mór and whose islands extended for more than 500 km north to south, covering a total land area of over 8300 km²?

b. The Kingdom of the Isles, led by Aonghus Mór, covered a vast area. What is the approximate land area of this kingdom?

c. Which realm, comprising the Hebrides, islands of the Firth of Clyde and the Isle of Man, was led by Aonghus Mór and had a total land area of over 8300 km²?

d. The Kingdom of the Isles, encompassing several islands, had a significant land area. Can you provide the total land area of these islands led by Aonghus Mór?



148
New Questions:
a. Bruce Spizer is an expert on which band, regarded as the most influential act of the rock era?
b. Who is the person that is often quoted as an authority on the history of the band, and what is their book count?
c. David Bruce Spizer is recognized for his expertise on which musical group's history?
d. In Bruce Spizer's view, which musical group has been declared as the "#1 act of the Rock era" by "Billboard"?



149
a. What song was released as the third single from Alan Jackson's album "A Lot About Livin' (And a Little 'bout Love)"?
b. What was the name of the song that was behind the third single on the album for two weeks on the country charts?
c. Which song from Alan Jackson's album "A Lot About Livin' (And a Little 'bout Love)" was a Number One hit on the Hot Country Songs charts?
d. What was the name of the song that Alan Jackson co-wrote with Randy Travis and was later recorded by Travis for his album High Lonesome?



150
a. What occupation did David Yates and an Italian filmmaker known for his crime dramas share?
b. What is the occupation of David Yates in common with the director of the film "Divorce Italian Style"?
c. Can you tell me about a shared occupation between David Yates and the director of many Italian films, including "Divorce Italian Style"?
d. What is the profession that David Yates had in common with Pietro Germi, who was an Italian actor, screenwriter, and director?



151
a. 1901
b. 1953
c. 1973
d. 1994
答案: a. 1901。



152
New Questions:
a. The type of lamp used in lighthouses and patented by Aimé Argand in 1780, is similar to what other type of lamp?
b. Which lamp is a flame lamp used in photometry that burns amyl acetate, similar to the Lewis lamp?
c. The Hefner lamp is used in what field?
d. The carbon button lamp is a single-electrode incandescent lamp invented by whom?



153
a. The songs from the soundtrack to "When Harry Met Sally" are performed by Harry Connick Jr., who has had seven top 20 US albums.
b. The artist who performed the songs for the soundtrack of "When Harry Met Sally" has had ten number-one US jazz albums, which is more than any other artist in US jazz chart history.
c. Harry Connick Jr., the performer of the "When Harry Met Sally" soundtrack, has sold over 28 million albums worldwide and is ranked among the top 60 best-selling male artists in the United States.
d. The singer who did the soundtrack for "When Harry Met Sally" has had his music recognized by the Grammy Award for Best Jazz Male Vocal Performance.



154
New Questions:
a. Are both Blood Red Broughtonia and Laeliocattleya orchids?
b. In the genus of orchids, are Paracaleana and Laeliocattleya distinct from each other?
c. Do Otaara and Laeliocattleya share any parent genera in common?
d. Can you tell me about some other intergeneric hybrids of orchids apart from Cattleytonia?



155
a. The world cup hosted in 2014 was where Algeria qualified for the first time into the round of 16.
b. The round of 16 was reached in the 2014 FIFA World Cup by Algeria.
c. In the 2014 World Cup, which was held in Brazil, Algeria qualified for the round of 16 for the first time in their history.
d. The country Algeria reached the round of 16 in a World Cup hosted in South Korea and Japan in 2002.



156
a. The Seven Days Battles were fought earlier in our nation's history than the Battle of Manila.
b. The Battle of Manila was fought earlier in our nation's history than the Seven Days Battles.
c. The Seven Days Battles and the Battle of Manila were fought at the same time in our nation's history.
d. It is impossible to determine which battle was fought earlier in our nation's history.

Explanation: The Seven Days Battles took place during the American Civil War, which began in 1861 and concluded in 1865. The Battle of Manila, on the other hand, was fought during the Second World War, from February 3 to March 3, 1945. Therefore, the Seven Days Battles were fought earlier in our nation's history.



157
a. Lush Ltd. is a retailer in ABQ Uptown that is headquarted in Poole, Dorset, United Kingdom.



158
a. Manchester United F.C. plays in the area between the old tool gates: Brook Bar and Trafford bar.

b. No football club plays in the area between Brook Bar and Trafford Bar. The crossroads sites of these two old toll gates roughly delineate the borders of Old Trafford, an area in Stretford, Greater Manchester, England.

c. There is no specific football club that plays between Brook Bar and Trafford Bar, rather there are multiple landmarks in Old Trafford including Gorse Hill Park and Manchester United F.C.'s home ground which is located nearby.

d. The question doesn't provide enough information to determine which football club plays in the area between Brook Bar and Trafford bar.



159
a. The song "Chim Chim Cher-ee" can be heard in the "Mary Poppins" scene of The Great Movie Ride at Disney's Hollywood Studios, which debuted in 1989.
b. In addition to the "Mary Poppins" segment, "Chim Chim Cher-ee" is also featured in the Cameron Mackintosh/Disney "Mary Poppins" musical.
c. The Great Movie Ride was a dark ride attraction that recreated iconic scenes from twelve classic films throughout motion picture history.
d. The song "Mary Poppins" is a song from the 2015 stage musical "Love Birds," and is not directly related to the original Mary Poppins movie or the ride at Disney's Hollywood Studios.



160
a. Who previously held the record for the longest service in the Australian Parliament for a woman?

b. Who was the 29th Speaker of the House of Representatives?

c. Who surpassed the record for longest service in the Australian Parliament for a woman?

d. Who was the first Australian politician to serve as Speaker of the House of Representatives after attaining the record for longest service in the Australian Parliament for a woman?



161
a. Sir Frank P. Lowy presented the Australia 2022 FIFA World Cup bid.
b. However, Frank Lowy who presented the Australia 2022 FIFA World Cup bid was not born on October 22, 1930. He is Chairman of Westfield Corporation and a former Chairman of Scentre Group.
c. The answer to this question is not given in the provided context.
d. The question cannot be answered based on the given information.



162
New Questions:
a. What major city is the Faith Lutheran College in Redlands located in?
b. What is the largest city in the vicinity of Summerlin, Nevada?
c. What is the name of the city where Sullivan East High School is located?
d. What is the name of the city where Mentor High School is situated?
e. What major city is Paso Robles High School located in?



163
a. What was the host of the 2014 Young Hollywood Awards?
b. Who hosted the Nickelodeon Kids Choice Awards 2003?
c. Who was the host of the 16th Annual Kids' Choice Awards?
d. Who hosted the show in the 16th Annual Young Hollywood Awards?



164
a. Sean Yseult married Chris Lee.
b. Didi Beck married a member of the Supagroup.
c. Rodney Slatford married Adrian Beers.
d. None of the above.



165
a. In 2017, what was 3/4th of the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) spent on?
b. What organization has a Center for Veterinary Medicine as well as part of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services?
c. What agency is responsible for protecting and promoting public health through the control and supervision of various aspects of health and safety, including veterinary products?
d. The organization that has a Center for Veterinary Medicine and is part of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services spent approximately $700 million in 2017 on what?



166
a. Dinosaur (film) was released first. It is a 2000 American CGI animated adventure film.

b. McFarland, USA is a 2015 American sports drama film.



167
New Questions:
a. Both Bishop Curley Catholic High School and St. Joseph's Catholic High School are located in which city in Ohio?
b. What is the location of both St. Mary's Catholic High School and St. Anthony's Catholic High School in the state of Texas?
c. Both Holy Cross Catholic High School and St. Peter's Catholic High School are situated in which city in California?
d. In which city of Pennsylvania are both Sacred Heart High School and All Saints Catholic High School located?



168
a. What was the outcome of the 2020 United States presidential election?
b. When did the 2020 presidential election take place?
c. Who were the candidates for the 2020 presidential election?
d. What was the role of political parties in the 2020 presidential election?



169
a. This Celtic ruler who was born in AD 43 in the Catuvellauni tribe ruled southeastern Britain prior to conquest by the Roman Empire.
b. What was the name of the Celtic tribe that lived in what is now the English East Midlands prior to the Roman conquest?
c. The Corieltauvi were a tribe in Britain prior to the Roman conquest. What was their territory located?
d. When did the Roman conquest of Britain begin and how many years did it last?



170
New Questions:
a. What is the name of the father of Kinsey Millhone's author creator?
b. Who is the parent of Sue Grafton, known for writing the series featuring private investigator Kinsey Millhone?
c. In the context of "Q" Is for Quarry, who is the parent of the author of this mystery novel series?
d. What is the name of the parent of June Thomson's literary character Kinsey Millhone?



171
New Questions:
a. What is the birthplace of the Senator who represents New York's 1st State Senate district?
b. Where was the person born who currently represents the 3rd district in California's State Senate?
c. In which city does the representative of the 35th State Senate district in New York reside?
d. Steven Bradford represents which district in the California State Senate?
e. What is the name of the district that Steven Bradford represents in Los Angeles County in California State Senate?



172
a. The Memphis Hustle are based in a suburb of Southaven, Mississippi which had a population of 48,982 in 2010.
b. The Memphis Hustle basketball team is based in a suburb of Memphis, a city that had a population of over 1 million in 2010.
c. The Memphis Hustle are located in Southaven, Mississippi, a city with an estimated population of over 50,000 in 2010.
d. The city where the Memphis Hustle are based had a population of approximately 49,000 people in 2010.



173
a. What songwriting team was responsible for creating the music of the film "La La Land"?

b. Who wrote the lyrics for "A Christmas Story: The Musical"?

c. What is the name of the songwriting pair who contributed to both "La La Land" and "A Christmas Story: The Musical"?

d. Pasek and Paul are known for their works in what fields? They have worked on a musical version of which film?



174
a. Which city is located at the south of Shelly Beach, New South Wales and is a part of the Central Coast Council local government area?
b. What is the name of the local government area located in the Hunter region of New South Wales that includes a city situated south of Shelly Beach, New South Wales?
c. Which city in the Hunter region of New South Wales is located south of Shelly Beach, New South Wales and has a local government area that encompasses a wide range of metropolitan areas?
d. Identify the local government area in the Hunter region of New South Wales that encompasses a city located to the south of Shelly Beach, New South Wales.



175
a. Yes, both Bamboo Mañalac and Danny Jones are musicians.
b. Bamboo Mañalac is a Filipino American musician and singer-songwriter, while Danny Jones is a British musician who is one of the lead vocalists and guitarists for the pop-rock band McFly.
c. Are both Bamboo Mañalac and Danny Jones musicians? Yes, they are.
d. Both Bamboo Mañalac and Danny Jones are involved in music; Bamboo as a singer-songwriter and musician, and Danny as a member of the band McFly.



176
New Questions:
a. Works by Hanna Leena Kristiina Varis are part of a collection in a museum with a print room containing approximately 65,000 drawings.
b. The artist Hanna Leena Kristiina Varis' works can be found in a museum that displays about 65,000 graphic works.
c. The museum where Hanna Leena Kristiina Varis' artworks are exhibited has a collection of approximately 65,000 art pieces.
d. In which museum, with over 65,000 drawings in its collection, can you find works by the artist Hanna Varis?



177
a. When did the West Germanic language that is closely related to the Old Frisian languages and spoken in the town of Leer originate?
b. What is the origin of the name of the small settlement situated on the river Leda opposite the town of Leer in Germany? The settlement name is believed to be derived from a West Germanic language.
c. Can you provide information about the language spoken in the region of Saxon which also gave rise to Old Saxon? How did this language evolve into Old Saxon?
d. When did Proto-Norse language evolve into Old Saxon? What historical events or changes caused this evolution?



178
a. Born on 6 March 1937, William Bonfield is also a citizen of the United Kingdom who contributed significantly in the field of material science.

b. Alistair Grant, who was born on 6 March 1937, held citizenship in the United Kingdom and was a renowned businessman.

c. Chawalit Kamutchati, who was born in Thailand on 6 March 1937, also held British citizenship and was a former sports shooter.

d. The man born on 6 March 1937 and a citizen of the United Kingdom was Robin Bailie, a former politician from Northern Ireland.



179
New Questions:
a. What is the name of the park located in Hong Kong's Central and Western District, and established on December 18, 1998?
b. What is the most common breed of beef cattle in the US?
c. How many hectares is Lung Fu Shan Country Park in Hong Kong?
d. Which is the oldest castle mentioned in the provided context, and where is it located?



180
a. What podcast did Chris Hardwick, the CEO of Nerdist Industries, appear on as a guest?
b. In which podcast did Chris Hardwick, the chief executive officer of Nerdist Industries, participate as a guest speaker?
c. Can you provide the name of a podcast where Chris Hardwick, the leader of Nerdist Industries, was a guest?
d. What was the name of the podcast where Chris Hardwick, as the CEO of Nerdist Industries, was invited as a guest speaker?



181
a. Randall Cunningham II was a multi-sport athlete at Bishop Gorman High School located in Summerlin, Nevada.
b. What is the name of the high school where Randall Cunningham II was a multi-sport athlete? He was an athlete at Bishop Gorman High School in Summerlin, Nevada.
c. Bishop Gorman High School, where Randall Cunningham II was a multi-sport athlete, is located in which Nevada city? The school is located in Summerlin, Nevada.
d. Randall Cunningham II played high school sports at a school in which Nevada city? Randall Cunningham II played high school sports at a school in Summerlin, Nevada.



182
a. George Harrison is known for both the songs "See Yourself" and "Withing You Without You".

Explanation:
The original question asks about an English musician who is known for the songs "See Yourself" and "Within You Without You". The context provided information about both songs and their respective connection to English musicians.

From the given context, we can deduce that George Harrison is the only musician who is associated with both songs. He wrote and released the song "See Yourself" on his 1976 album "Thirty Three & 1/3". Also, he co-wrote the song "Within You Without You" with John Lennon for the Beatles' 1967 album "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band". Therefore, George Harrison is the English musician who is known for both songs.



183
a. Forward
b. Defender
c. Goalie
d. Center
e. WingAnswer: d. Center

Explanation: The question is asking about the professional ice hockey position of the Captain of the National Hockey League All-Star Game "Away Team". According to the context provided in the dataset, Jonathan Toews is the Captain of the Chicago Blackhawks and serves as a center (center ice player) in professional ice hockey. Therefore, the answer is "Center".



184
a. The series on CBS that starred the actor known for his role in "Rebel Without a Cause" aired in 1952.
b. The context here refers to the CBS Television Workshop, an American anthology series that featured several well-known actors, including James Dean, who was known for his role in "Rebel Without a Cause". The series aired from January to April 1952 on CBS.
c. The actor known for his role in "Rebel Without a Cause" featured in a CBS series that aired in 1952.
d. The TV series on CBS, featuring the actor renowned for his portrayal in "Rebel Without a Cause," premiered in 1952.



185
a. What season was Bolin introduced in the animated television series "The Legend of Korra"?
b. What character from "The Legend of Korra" becomes the main antagonist in the following season?
c. What animated television series was created by Bryan Konietzko and Michael Dante DiMartino as a sequel to "Avatar: The Last Airbender"?
d. What was the fourth season of "The Legend of Korra" called?
e. When did the sequel to "Avatar: The Last Airbender" first air on Nickelodeon?



186
a. Mark Neveldine and Brian Taylor were the directors of the 2009 American science fiction film Gamer, which starred Michael C. Hall, who played Dexter Morgan in the Showtime TV Network series "Dexter".
b. In the Showtime TV series "Dexter," Michael C. Hall played the role of Dexter Morgan. The 2009 American science fiction film "Gamer" was directed by Mark Neveldine and Brian Taylor.
c. The directors of the 2009 American science fiction film that featured Michael C. Hall, known for his role as Dexter Morgan in "Dexter," were Mark Neveldine and Brian Taylor.
d. The actors who played the lead role in the Showtime TV series "Dexter" were Michael C. Hall and Jennifer Carpenter. The 2009 American science fiction film Gamer was directed by Mark Neveldine and Brian Taylor, with Gerard Butler as a participant in an online game and Logan Lerman as the player who controls him.



187
a. Hidden America with Jonah Ray featured American actor, comedian, and radio host best known as the host of "The Joe Schmo Show".
b. What travel show hosted by an actor known for his role in "The Joe Schmo Show" parodies the style of Anthony Bourdain's travel show?
c. In which travel parody series did Ralph Garman, known for his work on "The Joe Schmo Show", make an appearance?
d. Name the travel parody series that featured Ralph Garman, who is known for his role in "The Joe Schmo Show," and which was a Spike TV program.



188
a. The Importance of Being Icelandic and The Five Obstructions are both documentary films but they focus on different topics and have different styles of presentation. Do they belong to different film genres?

b. Both The Importance of Being Icelandic and The Five Obstructions can be considered as belonging to the documentary film genre. However, they focus on different themes and approaches, with The Importance of Being Icelandic focusing on personal and cultural heritage, while The Five Obstructions explores the creative process of making a film with various obstructions. Although they are from the same genre, do they have enough differences to be considered distinct film genres?

c. The Importance of Being Icelandic and The Five Obstructions are both categorized as documentary films, with each film having its own unique style and approach to storytelling. While they are from the same genre, they are distinct from each other in terms of themes, style, and structure. Do these differences constitute them as belonging to different film genres?

d. No, The Importance of Being Icelandic and The Five Obstructions do not belong to different film genres. Both films are categorized as documentaries and share a common genre classification despite their unique content and style of storytelling.



189
a. Tefik Selim Mborja was a part of the Albanian Fascist Party which held power in Albania until 1943.
b. Tefik Selim Mborja was a member of the Albanian Fascist Party that held power until the party was replaced by the Guard of Greater Albania in 1943.
c. Tefik Selim Mborja was involved with a party that retained control in Albania until 1998, when the People's Socialist Republic of Albania was officially dissolved.
d. Tefik Selim Mborja was part of a party that held power in Albania until 1945, when the Albanian Communist Party took over.



190
a. Joe Walker played for the University of Oregon football team that ends their regular season with the Civil War rivalry game against the Oregon State Beavers.
b. Joe Walker played college football at Oregon, and the team's regular season ends with the Civil War rivalry game against the Oregon State University Beavers.
c. Joe Walker played for the Oregon Ducks football team, who face the Oregon State Beavers in the annual Civil War rivalry game to conclude their regular season.
d. Joe Walker played for the team that ends their regular season with the rivalry game known as the Civil War, which is between the Oregon Ducks and the Oregon State Beavers.



191
New Questions:
a. The series "Boston Common" created by David Kohan and Max Mutchnick, which was on NBC, had a second season move that caused what kind of rating drop?

b. David Kohan co-created and produced several TV shows with who?

c. What was the name of the radio station where James Carroll was involved in its growth from an online station to a full FM radio station with 60 employees?

d. In the TV series "The Stones," what was the name of the character played by Robert Klein?

e. The pilot episode of "Will & Grace" featured which character proposing marriage to her boyfriend?



192
Georges-Henri Bousquet translated the work of a historian who is of Muslim heritage, specifically that of the great Muslim authors, Al-Ghazali and Ibn Khaldun.



193
a. In which city is the main office of the company where Ravi Sethi is currently the president located?
b. What is the name of the company where Ravi Sethi served as a computer scientist and its headquarters location?
c. What is the location of the Bell Labs headquarters, which is known for its research and scientific development?
d. The company where Ravi Sethi worked as a computer scientist, where is it located?



194
a. What is the full name of the disease that Yi Guan's research on successfully prevented in the outbreak in 2004?
b. Which disease caused by a virus did Yi Guan do research on to help prevent its outbreak?
c. Please provide the name of the viral respiratory disease that was successfully prevented from an outbreak due to Yi Guan's research efforts.
d. Yi Guan's research on a specific viral respiratory disease was crucial in preventing a potential outbreak in 2004. What is the name of this disease?



195
a. None of the Kentucky Writers Hall of Fame authors listed have had works published by Dim Gray Bar Press.
b. Wendell Berry is the only author listed who has had works published by Dim Gray Bar Press. He was honored as the first living writer to be inducted into the Kentucky Writers Hall of Fame.
c. None of the authors listed have had their works published by Dim Gray Bar Press, but some of them may have been influenced by the press or its founders.
d. It is not possible to determine which Kentucky Writers Hall of Fame author has had works published by Dim Gray Bar Press based on the provided information.



196
a. In the film "Spark", what director worked with Rajneesh Duggal and Subhasree Ganguly?
b. What director worked on the film "Phhir" that starred Rajneesh Duggal?
c. The film "Anhoniyon Ka Andhera" featured which director who also worked with actors Rajneesh Duggal and Tia Bajpai in a different film?
d. In the case of the "1920" film series, who wrote the story for all three films in the series?



197
a. What is the city where General Mills is headquartered?
b. Which city is RetailMeNot, Inc. headquartered in?
c. Stevanato Group is headquartered in which Italian city?
d. In what city is the Franklin Quest Company located?



198
a. The settlement amount for the character from the Son of al Quada in 2017 is not mentioned in the provided context.
b. The character Omar Khadr from the Son of al Quada was detained at Guantanamo Bay for ten years and later sued the Canadian government for infringing his rights under the Charter of Rights and Freedoms. The lawsuit was settled in 2017 with a $10.5 million (USD 8 million) payment and an apology by the federal government. However, the exact settlement amount is not specified in the context you provided.



199
a. Cyclone Donna

b. 1999 Odisha cyclone

c. Cyclone Anne

d. Cyclone Hondo
Explanation:
Cyclone Anne was one of the most intense tropical cyclones within the South Pacific basin during the 1980s, and a film named "Kathantara" was made about it in 2007. The film focused on the tribulations caused by the 1999 Odisha cyclone. Therefore, the answer is Cyclone Anne.



