0
a. No, Scott Derrickson and Ed Wood were not of the same nationality. Scott Derrickson is an American director and producer, while Ed Wood was an American filmmaker who worked in the film industry.
b. Yes, Scott Derrickson and Ed Wood were both American and worked in the film industry.
c. No, Ed Wood was an American filmmaker, while Scott Derrickson is a Canadian director and producer.
d. The nationality of Scott Derrickson and Ed Wood is unknown to me.



1
a. What government position did Shirley Temple hold in her career?
b. What was the role of the woman who portrayed Corliss Archer in the film "Kiss and Tell"?
c. What was the name of the film that Shirley Temple starred in as Corliss Archer?
d. What was Shirley Temple's role in the movie "A Kiss for Corliss"?



2
a. The Hork-Bajir Chronicles is a science fantasy young adult series with companion books that narrate the stories of enslaved worlds and alien species.

b. The Divide trilogy, a fantasy young adult novel trilogy by Elizabeth Kay, is also told in first person and has companion books that focus on different aspects of the alternate universe it takes place in. However, it does not specifically focus on narratives of enslaved worlds or alien species.

c. Shadowshaper, a 2015 American urban fantasy young adult novel by Daniel José Older, is not a series of companion books but does feature first-person narratives. It does not specifically revolve around narratives of enslaved worlds or alien species either.

d. The Andre Norton Award for Young Adult Science Fiction and Fantasy does not focus on a specific series or companion books related to the theme of enslaved worlds or alien species in its award-winning works.



3
New Questions:
a. The Great Mosque of Algiers and Esma Sultan Mansion are both located in which neighborhood of Algiers?
b. Where is the Sultan Ahmed Mosque located?
c. Is the Esma Sultan Mansion in Istanbul's Ortaköy neighborhood known for its cultural events or historical significance?
d. The Esma Sultan (daughter of Ahmed III) was the half-sister of which two Ottoman figures?



4
a. The director of the romantic comedy "Big Stone Gap" is based in New York City, specifically Greenwich Village, according to the information given about Adriana Trigiani.
b. Adriana Trigiani's romantic comedy film "Big Stone Gap" was written and directed by her, and she is based in Greenwich Village, New York City.
c. Adriana Trigiani, the director of the romantic comedy "Big Stone Gap," has her base in New York City.
d. According to the context, Adriana Trigiani who directed the romantic comedy "Big Stone Gap" is based in New York City.



5
a. 2014 S/S is the debut album of South Korean boy group WINNER, formed by YG Entertainment.
b. What is the name of the South Korean boy group that released the album "2014 S/S"? They were formed by which entertainment company?
c. "2014 S/S" 是哪个韩国男子团体的首张专辑？这个团体是由哪家娱乐公司打造的？
d. 2014 S/S是韩国哪个男子团体的首张专辑？这个团体的所属社是？



6
a. Eenasul Fateh was known by his stage name Aladin and is a Bangladeshi-British cultural practitioner, magician, live artist, and former international management consultant who helped organizations improve their performance.
b. Criss Angel is known for his stage name and as a magician, illusionist, and musician. He has not specifically been recognized for helping organizations improve their performance as a consultant.
c. James P. Comer is known for his work in child psychiatry and has served as a consultant to various organizations, but he is not known by the stage name Aladin.
d. Other people may be associated with the term "Aladin" or management consulting, but the answer to this question based on the provided information is Eenasul Fateh.



7
The arena where the Lewiston Maineiacs played their home games can seat up to 4,000 people.



8
New Questions:
a. Who is older, Madonna or Terry Richardson?
b. How many years did it take for Andrew Morton to write the biography on Madonna?
c. What is the name of the book that features more than 350 pictures of Lady Gaga taken by Terry Richardson?
d. What is the name of the album that features a cover of the Bee Gees' "How Deep Is Your Love"?
e. What is Amanda Lepore's profession as stated in the context?



9
a. Yes, Local H and For Against are both from the United States.
b. Local H is from the United States while For Against is from Canada.
c. Both Local H and For Against are from Canada.
d. I cannot determine their respective locations of origin.



10
a. The fight song of the University of Kansas is "Kansas Song (We’re From Kansas)".
b. The fight song of the University of Missouri–Kansas City is not mentioned in the provided context.
c. No specific fight song is mentioned for the branch campuses of the university in the Kansas City metropolitan area.
d. No other relevant information is provided in the context to answer the question.



11
a. What is the name of the screenwriter who co-wrote a film titled "Evolution" that starred Nicolas Cage?
b. Who co-wrote a film with David Weissman that starred Nicolas Cage and Téa Leoni?
c. Can you tell me about a film that David Weissman wrote and starred Nicolas Cage in?
d. Which film did David Weissman co-write with Nicolas Cage?



12
a. 1994年，Guns N Roses为电影“True Lies”进行了宣传，该电影由Arnold Schwarzenegger主演，他扮演了一位前纽约警探。
b. 并没有相关信息表明Guns N Roses在何时为哪部电影进行过宣传，该电影由Arnold Schwarzenegger主演并且他扮演的角色为前纽约警探。您可以尝试再次询问其他关于Guns N Roses的问题或者寻找其他信息来源以获取答案。



13
a. Yes, Random House Tower is used for real estate purposes.
b. Yes, 888 7th Avenue is also used in real estate.
c. The Random House Tower is a mixed-use tower with both residential and corporate usage.
d. 888 7th Avenue is a modern-style office skyscraper and is used as the corporate headquarters of Vornado Realty Trust.
e. Based on the provided context, both Random House Tower and 888 7th Avenue are primarily used for real estate investment or commercial purposes.



14
a. The football manager who recruited David Beckham managed Manchester United between which two decades?
b. What season did the manager who recruited David Beckham join Manchester United?
c. The football manager who signed David Beckham, how long did he stay as the manager of Manchester United?
d. When did the manager who brought David Beckham to Manchester United start his managerial career?



15
a. What is the population of the state where Brown State Fishing Lake is located?

b. What is the population of the United States state where Brown State Fishing Lake is situated?

c. How many people live in the state that encompasses Brown State Fishing Lake?

d. What is the population of the state of Kansas, where Brown State Fishing Lake is known to be located?



16
New Questions:
a. The men's soccer team at XYZ University used to compete in a conference that underwent a name change in the late 1980s. What was the old name of this conference from 1988 to 1996?
b. In the late 1980s and early 1990s, the conference for XYZ men's soccer team underwent a rebranding. What was the previous name of this conference before it became the America East Conference in the early 1990s?
c. The University of Vermont's men's soccer team plays in a conference that had a name change around the turn of the millennium. Can you tell me what the conference was called between 1988 and 1996?
d. The men's soccer team at UVM plays in a conference that underwent a rebranding in recent history. What was the name of this conference before it became known as the America East Conference?



17
a. Yes, Giuseppe Verdi and Ambroise Thomas are both known for their works in opera.
b. Giuseppe Verdi is an Italian opera composer who is renowned for his works in the field of operatic music.
c. Ambroise Thomas was a French composer who is known for his operas as well as other musical works.
d. Both Giuseppe Verdi and Ambroise Thomas made significant contributions to the world of opera through their compositions.



18
a. Roger O. Egeberg was Assistant Secretary for Health and Scientific Affairs during the Nixon administration from 1969 to 1974.
b. What years did Nixon serve as President of the United States?
c. Roger O. Egeberg served as Assistant Secretary for Health and Scientific Affairs during Nixon's presidency, which spanned from 1969 to 1974.
d. During the Nixon administration, which years did Roger O. Egeberg hold the position of Assistant Secretary for Health and Scientific Affairs in the Department of Health, Education, and Welfare?



19
New Questions:
a. Which American novelist was born in 1906, Henry Roth or Erskine Hamilton Childers?
b. What is the nationality of the writer whose boat was involved in the Howth gun-running of 1914?
c. What Irish writer had her origins in the United States of America and married the man whose sailing boat was "Asgard"?
d. How many children did the American-born Irish writer Mary Alden Childers have?



20
a. What is the name of the Mexican driver who has held the podium in Formula One races besides Sergio Pérez?

b. Who is the Mexican driver who has achieved the most success in Formula One races?

c. How many Mexican drivers have participated in Formula One races since the championship began in 1950?

d. How many Mexican drivers have won a grand prix in Formula One?



21
a. Tigger
b. Owl
c. Piglet
d. Tasmanian Devil
Answer: c. Piglet.

Jim Cummings is known for voicing Tigger in the Winnie the Pooh franchise. He also voiced Piglet in the same franchise. Therefore, the singer of "A Rather Blustery Day" also voiced Piglet.



22
a. The Siri Remote is a device that can control the program Apple Remote was originally designed to interact with.
b. The second generation Apple TV used the Apple Remote as their primary control mechanism.
c. The Apple Remote was originally designed to interact with Front Row media program on the iSight iMac G5.
d. Remote controls such as the one used for TVs or DVD players can also control the program Apple Remote was designed for, although they may not have been specifically designed for that purpose.



23
a. What are the primary music genres of Wolf Alice, and how many members are in the band?

b. Can you elaborate on Badly Drawn Boy's musical career, including his collaborations and achievements?

c. How many members are there in the band Badly Drawn Boy?

d. What is the instrument to person ratio in Wolf Alice, and how does it compare to other similar bands or acts?



24
New Questions:
a. What was the IFFHS World's Best Goalkeeper award given to in 2013?
b. How did the Goštautai family rise in power and influence during the 15th and early 16th centuries?
c. What is the current status of the IFFHS World's Best Club Coach award?
d. What was the role of the Goštautai family in the Duchy of Lithuania?



25
New Questions:
a. "These Boots Are Made for Walkin'"的作词者是谁，他在2007年去世了吗？
b. Lee Hazlewood是"These Boots Are Made for Walkin'"的创作者，他在哪一年去世？
c. "These Boots Are Made for Walkin'"的作曲者是谁，他于何时去世？请说明他的生平。
d. 请描述一下Nancy Sinatra的生平，并说明她的代表作有哪些？



26
New Questions:
a. The 2010–11 VCU Rams men's basketball team was coached by Shaka Smart in his second year. What year was VCU founded?

b. What is the name of the institution represented by the 2009–10 VCU Rams men's basketball team?

c. When did Virginia Commonwealth University merge MCV with the Richmond Professional Institute to create Virginia Commonwealth University?

d. In which conference did the 2013–14 VCU Rams men's basketball team play their home games?

e. What was the outcome of the 2004–05 VCU Rams men's basketball team in the Atlantic 10 Conference play?



27
New Questions:
a. Are both "Archontophoenix" and Huernia described as a genus?
b. Is Dictyosperma, like the "Archontophoenix" genus, a monotypic genus?
c. What is the common name for the plant whose genus is named from two Greek words meaning "net" and "seed"?
d. How many genera is Huernia considered close to, and what are their names?



28
a. No, it was not founded by Henry J. Kaiser who became known as the father of modern American shipbuilding. Rather, it was founded by Edgar Fosburgh Kaiser Jr., who was the grandson of shipbuilding industrialist Henry J. Kaiser.

b. Yes, Kaiser Ventures corporation was founded by an American industrialist who was involved in large construction projects, shipbuilding, and made steel plates for the Pacific Coast shipbuilding industry during World War II and the Korean War.

c. Yes, the founder of Kaiser Ventures corporation can be traced back to Edgar Fosburgh Kaiser Jr., who inherited his grandfather Henry J. Kaiser's passion for shipbuilding and expanded on it during the war and post-war period.

d. The industrialist who founded Kaiser Ventures corporation was not only known for his work in steel production and shipbuilding, but also for establishing a health care system for his workers and their families, as well as investing in real estate and other non-profit endeavors through the Kaiser Family Foundation.



29
New Questions:
a. What is the name of the adventure module released for "Mercenaries, Spies and Private Eyes"?
b. What is the name of the science fiction role-playing game created by Ken St. Andre?
c. Can you provide the context behind the game "Mercenaries, Spies and Private Eyes"?
d. How did the "Crank Caverns" get their name?
e. What is the name of the computer adaptation of "Tunnels and Trolls" developed by New World Computing in 1990?



30
New Questions:
a. When was the song "Make Love" by Keri Hilson released?
b. What was the name of the album that the song "All I Wanna Do Is Make Love to You" was released on by Heart?
c. Who is the singer of the song "Mind If We Make Love to You"?
d. What is the name of the album that includes the song "The Longer We Make Love" by Barry White?
e. What is the name of the American rock band that released the song "Shut Up, Make Love"?



31
New Questions:
a. Buck-Tick is a Japanese rock band that originates from which city?
b. Where did the Japanese musician Atsushi Sakurai, who is known for being the vocalist of Buck-Tick, birth?
c. What is the name of the research project that studied hailstorm physics and dynamics in order to design and test means for suppressing hail in Canada?
d. The Alberta Hail Project was sponsored by which two organizations?



32
a. Who was the French ace pilot and adventurer that flew the L'Oiseau Blanc along with François Coli?

b. Which French pilot, known for their wartime achievements, flew the Levasseur PL.8, commonly known as L'Oiseau Blanc, in an attempt to compete for the Orteig Prize?

c. Name the French pilot who, along with Coli, was attempting to win the Orteig Prize by flying the L'Oiseau Blanc?

d. Charles Nungesser was a renowned French ace pilot and adventurer. What aircraft did he fly with François Coli in their attempt to compete for the Orteig Prize?



33
a. Yes, Freakonomics and In the Realm of the Hackers are both American documentaries.
b. No, In the Realm of the Hackers is an Australian documentary.
c. Yes, both are films about hacking communities.
d. Yes, Freakonomics is a documentary based on a book by Steven Levitt and Stephen Dubner.



34
a. Letters to Cleo had more members than Screaming Trees.
b. Screaming Trees had more members than Letters to Cleo.
c. There is no enough information about the members of Letters to Cleo and Screaming Trees to determine which band had more members.



35
a. The SRs won a majority of the national vote in Russia's first-ever democratic elections.
b. The Red Army defeated the White Army in Crimea and were able to evacuate the remaining forces in late 1920.
c. The Allied Forces and the pro-German armies intervened against the Red Army.
d. The Bolsheviks formed the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic and began the Russian Civil War.b. The Red Army defeated the White Army in Crimea and were able to evacuate the remaining forces in late 1920.



36
a. Seven Brief Lessons on Physics was written by Carlo Rovelli, an Italian theoretical physicist who has worked in France since 2000.
b. What year did Carlo Rovelli move to France to work?
c. Carlo Rovelli's book, Seven Brief Lessons on Physics, was written in what year?
d. What is the name of the Italian physicist who wrote Seven Brief Lessons on Physics and has worked in France?



37
New Questions:
a. The Rainham War Memorial commemorates soldiers killed in which war, where over 60 million people died?
b. The Freetown Memorial mainly commemorates soldiers who died while serving with which force, and whose graves are not known?
c. The Vietnam War Memorial in Hanoi commemorates men and women who sacrificed themselves during which war?
d. The Tower Hill Memorial in London commemorates those from which service who died during both World Wars?



38
a. No, Elko Regional Airport is located in Elko County, Nevada, while Gerald R. Ford International Airport is located in Cascade Township, Michigan.
b. Elko Regional Airport is located in Nevada, while Gerald R. Ford International Airport is located in Michigan.
c. No, Elko Regional Airport is not located in Michigan. It is located in Elko County, Nevada.
d. Gerald R. Ford International Airport is located in Michigan, while Elko Regional Airport is located in a different state.



39
a. David C. Funder teaches at a university in what city?
b. What is the name of the award that was given to Frank L. Schmidt for his work in personnel selection and employment testing?
c. E. Mavis Hetherington co-founded a center dedicated to studying what topic?
d. What is the name of the award that was given to the person who has significantly expanded knowledge of the causal significance of individual differences through advanced research, development, and/or application?



40
a. The Scotch Collie's ancestors include Gordon and Irish Setters.
b. The Manchester Terrier is descended from the Feist dog, which probably includes crosses between the Smooth Fox Terrier, the Manchester Terrier and the now extinct English White Terrier.
c. Both the Scotch Collie and Manchester Terrier have different ancestors and no direct connection to the Gordon and Irish Setters.
d. It is not clear from the provided information which dog's ancestors include Gordon and Irish Setters.



41
New Questions:
a. Where is the headquarters of the company where Divya S. Menon worked as a software engineer?
b. What was the title of the album where the song "Muthuchippi Poloru" was featured?
c. How did Sachin Warrier become notable in the Malayalam cinema industry?
d. What is the name of the Malayalam song that became Sachin Warrier's breakthrough work in the cinema industry?



42
a. Masakazu Katsura was born in 1962. Is he the author you are referring to?
b. No, I&quot;s is written and illustrated by Masakazu Katsura, who was born in December 10, 1962.
c. Yes, the author of the Japanese manga series I&quot;s is Masakazu Katsura, who was born in 1962.
d. The author of the Japanese manga series I&quot;s was born in 1962, but the exact date is not provided in the context.



43
a. The victory of the Ethiopian army in the First Italo-Ethiopian War.

Explanation: Giuseppe Arimondi died at the Battle of Adwa during the First Italo-Ethiopian War. This battle was a decisive defeat for Italy and secured the victory of the Ethiopian army, ensuring Ethiopia's sovereignty and freedom from colonization.



44
Alfred Balk served as the secretary of the Committee on the Employment of Minority Groups in the News Media under United States Vice President Nelson Rockefeller.



45
a. A medieval fortress in Dirleton, West Lothian, borders on the south side of Yellowcraigs.

b. Dirleton Castle in East Lothian is situated on the southern border of what coastal region?

c. The medieval fortress in Dirleton is located near which coastal area?

d. The South shore of the Firth of Forth is home to which village and its medieval fortress?



46
The writer of the song that was inspired by words on a tombstone and was the first track on the box set "Back to Mono" is Phil Spector. The song is titled "To Know Him Is to Love Him".



47
a. The World Summit of Nobel Peace Laureates.

Explanation:
Mikhail Gorbachev, a former Soviet statesman, initiated the World Summit of Nobel Peace Laureates. This summit was created as a forum for Nobel Peace Laureates and Peace Laureate Organizations to come together and address global issues with a view to encourage and support peace and human well-being in the world.



48
a. Yes, Ferocactus and Silene are both types of plants.
b. Ferocactus is a genus of large barrel-shaped cacti, while Silene is a genus of flowering plants. Are they from the same plant family?
c. Are both Ferocactus and Silene found in the same regions?
d. Can you tell me more about Silene species in general?



49
a. The Savoia-Marchetti SM.79 was a British first-generation jet-powered medium bomber used in the South West Pacific theatre of World War II.
b. The English Electric Canberra was a British first-generation jet-powered medium bomber that was used in the South West Pacific theatre of World War II.
c. The Tupolev Tu-12 was an experimental Soviet jet-powered medium bomber, but it was not used in the South West Pacific theatre of World War II.
d. No specific British first-generation jet-powered medium bomber was used in the South West Pacific theatre of World War II.



50
New Questions:
a. For which season did the Colorado Buffaloes men's basketball team win the Pac-12 tournament?
b. What was the record of the 2016–17 Colorado Buffaloes men's basketball team in the Pac-12 play?
c. What was the average speed of the 2015 Colorado Buffaloes football team in miles per hour?
d. What was the outcome of the first round match of the National Invitation Tournament for the Colorado Buffaloes in the 2016–17 season?



51
a. Carrefour hypermarkets bought Euromarché in 1991. How many stores did Carrefour operate at the end of 2016?

b. In 1991, which chain with over 1,462 hypermarkets at the end of 2016 acquired Euromarché?

c. Euromarché was acquired by a company that operates a chain of hypermarkets. At the end of 2016, how many stores did this company have?

d. The French multinational retailer that acquired Euromarché in 1991 operated how many hypermarkets worldwide at the end of 2016?



52
a. What is the name of the race track in South Carolina that hosts a NASCAR Sprint Cup race?
b. What is the annual race at the Indianapols Motor Speedway known as?
c. The Lean Horse Ultramarathon is known for having a specific feature, what is it?
d. What is the name of the award presented for excellence in motorsports technology concepts?



53
a. In what city did Franco Corelli star in a film based on an opera by Giacomo Puccini?
b. What is the name of the film based on the opera by Giacomo Puccini in which Franco Corelli starred?
c. What is the name of the character that Franco Corelli portrayed in the film?
d. How did the portrayal of the character in the film differ from its portrayal in the original opera?



54
a. Ellie Goulding worked with Savan Kotecha, Ilya Salmanzadeh, Max Martin on her third studio album, Delirium.
b. Ellie Goulding collaborated with Fraser T Smith on her third studio album "Delirium".
c. Ellie Goulding worked with The Invisible Men on her third studio album "Delirium".
d. Ellie Goulding featured production work from DJ Fresh on her third studio album.



55
a. Which Australian city founded in 1838 contains a boarding school?
b. The boarding school in this city was opened by whom?
c. The boarding school is named after which school in London?
d. What is the name of the city founded in 1838 that contains the boarding school?



56
a. Drifting (motorsport) is the oversteering technique that D1NZ is based on.

b. What is the name of the production car drifting series in New Zealand?
c. How many championships are there in the D1NZ series?
d. What is the purpose of the D1NZ organizers?



57
a. Who is younger: Keith Bostic or Jerry Glanville?
b. When was Keith Bostic born? Was he born before or after Jerry Glanville?
c. What are the professional achievements of Keith Bostic? Was he part of any famous football team?
d. What is Jerry Glanville's record as a head coach in the National Football League (NFL)?



58
a. According to the 2001 census, what was the population of Boston, Lincolnshire when Kirton End is located?
b. In 2001, how many people lived in the town where Kirton End is situated?
c. What was the population of the civil parish of Kirton in 2001, according to the census?
d. What was the population of the district in which Kirton End is situated in 2001?



59
New Questions:
a. Are Cypress and Fokienia both genera of conifer trees?
b. Is Ajuga a genus in the family Cupressaceae?
c. Do both Cupressus and Libocedrus belong to the same family of trees?
d. Is the term "cypress" derived from a Greek word?



60
a. The player who was a member of the Charlotte Hornets during their 1992-93 season and was head coach for the WNBA team Charlotte Sting is known for being the shortest player ever to play in the National Basketball Association.
b. The player's name is Muggsy Bogues. He was a member of the 1992-93 Charlotte Hornets team and later served as head coach of the WNBA team Charlotte Sting.
c. The player is known for being a key part of the Charlotte Hornets team that made their first ever playoff appearance in the 1992-93 season, and later coached the WNBA's Charlotte Sting.
d. The player is Tyrone Curtis "Muggsy" Bogues. He was a member of the Hornets during their 1992-93 season and became head coach of the WNBA's Charlotte Sting after his NBA career.



61
a. What is the name of the executive producer of "Innerspace"?
b. Who produced the film "Legend"?
c. What is Steven Spielberg's role in the film "Lionheart"?
d. Which film is the soundtrack for "Mulan" an original Walt Disney Records soundtrack related to?



62
a. Who was born earlier, Jane de Gay or Emma Bull?
b. When was Virginia Woolf born?
c. What was the date of Emma Bull's birth?
d. What was the age of Emma Bull at the time of her birth?



63
a. What is the Roud Folk Song Index number of the nursery rhyme that inspired "What Are Little Girls Made Of?", and which has a variant of the traditional English folk song "My Boy Billy"?

b. The Roud Folk Song Index of the song that has a line "What Are Little Boys Made Of" in its nursery rhyme form is what?

c. Which nursery rhyme, with a Roud Folk Song Index number, is known for its line "What Are Little Girls Made Of"?

d. The nursery rhyme that is the source of the question's title "What Are Little Girls Made Of?", and has a Roud Folk Song Index number, has what number?



64
a. Scott Parkin has been a vocal critic of Halliburton Corporation which operates in more than 70 countries.
b. Scott Parkin has spoken out against Mobil Producing Nigeria which operates in numerous countries, can you estimate the total number of countries where it operates?
c. How many countries does the multinational corporation that Scott Parkin criticizes for its involvement in the War on Terror, besides having operations in Nigeria, have a presence in?
d. Scott Parkin has criticized corporations such as Exxonmobil and PRX-07034's parent company for their global operations. How many countries does the parent company of PRX-07034 operate in?



65
a. Rose McGowan is best known for playing Paige Matthews in the WB supernatural drama series "Charmed".
b. Rose McGowan gained fame for her portrayal of a character in the WB supernatural drama series "Safe Harbor".
c. Rose McGowan's most famous role was in the WB supernatural drama series "Kay Tagal Kang Hinintay".
d. In the WB supernatural drama series "Jawbreaker", Rose McGowan's character was similar to that of a popular WB drama series about powerful women.



66
a. Vince Phillips held a junior welterweight title by an organization recognized by the International Boxing Hall of Fame (IBHOF).

This is because in the provided context, it is mentioned that the International Boxing Federation (IBF) is one of the organizations recognized by the International Boxing Hall of Fame (IBHOF) which sanction world championship boxing bouts. Since Vince Phillips held the IBF junior welterweight title, it can be inferred that his title was recognized by the IBHOF.



67
a. Usher.
b. Billy Ray Cyrus.
c. Ricki-Lee Coulter.
d. Shakespears Sister.



68
a. The younger brother of the episode guest stars of "The Hard Easy (film)" is not mentioned in the context.

b. In the case of "The Hard Easy" episode of "Adventure Time", the younger brother of the guest star Brian Doyle-Murray, who played Prince Huge, is not mentioned in the context.

c. In the context of "Roy's Wedding" episode, the episode guest stars David Denman as Roy Anderson, with no mention of a younger brother.

d. For "Web Weirdos" episode, there are no episode guest stars with a younger brother mentioned in the context.

e. In "Evicted!", there is no mention of any younger brother of the guest star Erik Estrada in the context of the episode "King Worm".

f. In "Andy's Ancestry" episode, there is no mention of any younger brother of the guest stars in the context of the episode.



69
a. The 2017–18 Wigan Athletic F.C. season will be a year in which the team competes in the Carabao Cup.
b. The team will also participate in the EFL Cup this season.
c. The club's away games in the EFL Cup are usually played at various stadiums around the country.
d. The Carabao Cup final is usually played at a neutral venue, decided by the English Football League (EFL).



70
a. Tara Strong's major voice role in animated series is Teen Titans Go! in the American animated television series based on the DC Comics fictional superhero team, the "Teen Titans".
b. Tara Strong played the role of Raven in Teen Titans animated series which is based on the DC Comics fictional superhero team.
c. Tara Strong has played multiple major voice roles in animated series. One such role is in the animated series "Teen Titans Go!", which is based on the DC Comics fictional superhero team, the Teen Titans.
d. Tara Strong played the part of Starfire in Teen Titans animated series which is based on the DC Comics fictional superhero team of the same name.



71
a. What is the population of Strasbourg in 2014?
b. What is the name of the city where the 122nd SS-Standarte was located during World War II?
c. In 2014, what was the metropolitan area population of Strasbourg (not counting the section across the border in Germany)?
d. What percentage of the Grand Est region's inhabitants live in Strasbourg's metropolitan area?



72
a. What color clothing do people in the Netherlands wear during major sporting events, especially international football championships?

b. In the Netherlands, what color is traditionally worn to celebrate the birthday of King Willem-Alexander on Koningsdag?

c. During Oranjegekte, what color clothing is associated with the Dutch royal family, the House of Orange-Nassau?

d. What color is often worn by people in the Netherlands during national holidays to show support for the royal family?



73
a. Tromeo and Juliet.



74
a. Robert Suettinger was the national intelligence officer under former Governor Clinton of Arkansas.
b. Who was the national intelligence officer under Bill Clinton's predecessor as Governor of Arkansas?
c. What was Robert Suettinger's position at the National Intelligence Council during the Clinton administration?
d. How long did Robert Suettinger serve as the national intelligence officer for East Asia?



75
New Questions:
a. What American professional surfer, born in October 1992, was named "one of the most dominant Pipe surfers of his era"?
b. John John Florence is an American professional surfer, what event did he win in 2016?
c. In which event of the ASP World Tour was John John Florence named the best surfer in the world?
d. What is the name of the beach in Peniche, Portugal where the MEO Rip Curl Pro Portugal is held every year?



76
New Questions:
a. What is the name of the actor who plays Bobbi Bacha in Suburban Madness?
b. What is the middle name of the person portrayed by Sela Ward in Suburban Madness?
c. In the TV show Suburban Madness, what is the name of the character played by Sela Ward?
d. Sela Ward, the actress who plays Bobbi Bacha, what is her real-life middle name?



77
a. Alvaro Mexia had a diplomatic mission with the Ais native population.
b. Alvaro Mexia was sent on a diplomatic mission to the native populations living south of St. Augustine and in the Cape Canaveral area, resulting in a "Period of Friendship" between the Spanish and the Ais native population.
c. Alvaro Mexia's mission was to the Indigenous peoples of Florida, specifically aiming to establish friendly relations with the Ais tribe.
d. The exact tribe of indigenous people with whom Alvaro Mexia had a diplomatic mission is not specified in the context provided, but it was likely with the Ais people or another tribe in the area.



78
a. What was Alfred Gell's nationality?
b. What was the nationality of Edmund Leach?
c. Both Alfred Gell and Edmund Leach were trained at which university?
d. Where did Alfred Gell do his fieldwork?



79
a. In which year was the King whose last Birthday Honours were awarded by George VI?
b. When were the first Birthday Honours in your dataset awarded? What was the date of announcement?
c. When was the 2016 Queen's Birthday Honours announced in New Zealand?
d. The 2017 Birthday Honours are a part of which official celebration? What month?



80
New Questions:
a. What is the capital city of the state where Lempster, New Hampshire is located?
b. Name the county seat of the county in which Carrol County, New Hampshire is situated?
c. In which state is Woodsville, New Hampshire located?
d. What is the population of Sullivan County, New Hampshire as per the 2010 census?



81
New Questions:
a. The album "Against the Wind" was Bob Seger's eleventh studio album. What is Bob Seger's real name?
b. Bob Seger, an American rock singer, was born on May 6, 1945. What is his stage name?
c. Bob Seger's eleventh album was titled "Against the Wind". What is the name of the singer behind this album?
d. The rock singer Bob Seger, who had an album named "Against the Wind," was given a stage name. What is that stage name?



82
a. Rostker v. Goldberg held that the practice of requiring only men to register for the draft was constitutional.



83
a. What is the name of the multinational food company that produces and sells Handi-Snacks snack food?
b. By what company are Handi-Snacks snack foods distributed?
c. What is the headquarters location of the company that produces Handi-Snacks?
d. Mondelez International is known for which types of products?



84
a. Monica Lewinsky was the woman from the book titled "Their Lives: The Women Targeted by the Clinton Machine" and was also a former White House intern.
b. Lewinsky's association with former President Bill Clinton caused a scandal known as the "Lewinsky scandal".
c. In her book, Lewinsky detailed her experiences as an intern in the White House and the subsequent scandal that followed after her relationship with Clinton was revealed.



85
a. Paul Manafort was born on April 1, 1949.
b. The American lawyer lobbyist and political consultant Paul Manafort Jr. was born on April 1st, 1949.
c. The birth date of the American lawyer lobbyist and political consultant Paul Manafort is April 1st, 1949.
d. When was Paul Manafort, the American lawyer, lobbyist and political consultant who worked on Donald Trump's presidential campaign, born? He was born on March 1st, 1949.



86
New Questions:
a. In what year was the novel "The Golden Hour" first published?
b. What is the name of the main character in "Crime and Punishment"?
c. What is the title of the film based on Lourenço Mutarelli's work "O Cheiro do Ralo"?
d. What is the name of the historical personage featured in "Spirit of the Border"?
e. The novel "4 a.m." draws on the author's personal experiences related to what two cultures?
f. What is the first person perspective of the novel "Three Comrades"?
g. What is the name of the 19-year-old son in "The Birds on the Trees" who does not live up to his parents' expectations?



87
a. What is the location of Teide National Park?
b. In which location is Garajonay National Park situated?
c. Can you tell me the specific location of both Teide National Park and Garajonay National Park?
d. Please provide the locations of Teide National Park and its neighboring national park.



88
New Questions:
a. What is the total number of stories included in "The Collected Short Stories of Roald Dahl"?
b. What is the first book in which some of Roald Dahl's stories were collected?
c. How many copies have Roald Dahl's books sold worldwide?
d. What is the name of the museum in honor of Roald Dahl located in Church Street, Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire, England?
e. What is the title of the short story where a married woman receives a glamorous mink coat from a man with whom she had an affair?



89
New Questions:
a. What profession does Chris Menges hold in addition to being a film director?
b. What is Aram Avakian known for in the film industry?
c. Both Chris Menges and Aram Avakian have worked in the film industry. What are some of their notable works?
d. In what field does Chris Menges have a specialization apart from film direction?



90
New Questions:
a. Andrew Jaspan was the co-founder of an independent not-for-profit media outlet known as what?
b. What website did Andrew Jaspan co-found that focuses on analysis and news from the university and research sector?
c. Andrew Jaspan was the Editor-in-Chief of which website from its launch in March 2011 until March 2017?
d. Andrew Jaspan was involved with a media outlet known for its analysis and news content sourced from which community?



91
a. Which director hosted the 28th Independent Spirit Awards in 2012?
b. Name the director who hosted the Independent Spirit Awards ceremony in 2017.
c. Can you tell me about an awards ceremony that was hosted by John Waters?
d. Who was the host of the Film Independent Spirit Awards ceremony in March 2003?



92
a. Where does the album "Why Is There Air?" by Bill Cosby have been recorded?
b. What hotel and casino in Las Vegas is known for its backing music for the "The Bill Cosby Show"?
c. In which hotel and casino did Bill Cosby record some of his music for the album "Disco Bill"?
d. The album "At Last Bill Cosby Really Sings" was recorded at which hotel and casino?



93
a. The Gibson cocktail is a mixed drink made with gin and vermouth, often with a pickled onion as a garnish. Therefore, yes, the Gibson drink contains gin.

b. The Zurracapote is a popular Spanish alcoholic mixed drink similar to sangría. It consists of red wine mixed with fruit, sugar, and cinnamon. Gin is not a component of the Zurracapote drink.

c. If we consider a cocktail called "Gin Pennant," it is a maritime flag indicating an invitation for other ships' officers to come aboard for drinks, but it is not a drink itself and thus doesn't contain gin.

d. In general, is gin a component of some drinks? Yes, gin can be found in certain cocktails and mixed drinks.



94
New Questions:
a. What month does the Docville International Documentary Film Festival take place?
b. When did the New Haven Documentary Film Festival start?
c. What is the annual documentary film festival based in Chagrin Falls, Ohio known as?
d. When did the British Journal first start publishing?



95
New Questions:
a. Poughkeepsie Galleria is situated in which county in New York?
b. What county is the Cobb Galleria Centre located in?
c. What is the population of Tysons, Virginia as recorded in the 2010 census?
d. In what state is the Spring Hill station located?



96
a. Viglen provides IT products and services.
b. Bordan Tkachuk was the CEO of Viglen, a company that provides a range of IT products and services including storage systems, servers, workstations, and data/voice communications equipment and services.



97
a. Lev Yilmaz was known for animation.
b. Pamela B. Green was known for her work in feature films and motion graphics. Therefore Lev Yilmaz was known for animation whereas Pamela B. Green is known for her work in feature films and motion graphics, not specifically animation.



98
a. In which city is the ambassador of the Caraga Administrative Region to China based?
b. Where is the Liaison Office of the Central People's Government in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region located?
c. What is the capital city of Morocco known as?
d. In what city is the 2014 NPCSC Decision on Hong Kong made?



99
New Questions:
a. What are the administrative divisions that are similar to Yingkou in terms of city level?
b. How would you describe the relative sizes of Fuding and Yingkou in terms of city status?
c. What are the characteristics of cities at the same level as Yingkou in China?
d. Are there any other cities in China that are similar to Yingkou in terms of administrative status?



100
New Questions:
a. Where did the Black Seminoles settle after escaping the threat of slavery in the United States?
b. What is the name of the place where the Mascogos are centered in Mexico?
c. In which Indian tribe in India is Dhoolpet located?
d. What is the origin of the word "Seminole"?



101
a. Larnelle Harris
b. Karen Clark Sheard
c. Yolanda Adams
d. Latice Crawford
e. None of the above
Answer: a. Larnelle Harris.

Explanation: David Huntsinger has worked with Larnelle Harris, who is an American gospel singer and songwriter. Both of them are mentioned in the context provided.



102
a. He was drafted by the Washington Redskins in the first round of the 1999 NFL Draft. His brother, Boss Bailey, was drafted by the Detroit Lions in the second round of the 2003 NFL Draft.

b. Champ Bailey, the brother of the person who was drafted by the Washington Redskins in the first round, was not himself drafted until the first round of the 1999 NFL Draft.

c. The brother of the first round draft pick by the Washington Redskins was drafted in 2003.

d. The first round draft pick's brother was drafted in 1995 by the New York Jets.



103
New Questions:
a. 1964 Georgia Tech Yellow Jackets football team played their home games at which stadium?
b. Bobby Dodd Stadium is located on which campus?
c. Where is Bobby Dodd Stadium located?
d. What is the capacity of Bobby Dodd Stadium?



104
a. Since 2 June 2017, The Leader of Fine Gael has been held by Leo Varadkar who is an Irish Fine Gael politician. He has served as Taoiseach and Minister for Defence.
b. Can you provide some additional information about Leo Varadkar? He is an Irish Fine Gael politician who has also served as Minister for Social Protection from 2016 to 2017, Minister for Health from 2014 to 2016, and Minister for Transport, Tourism and Sport from 2011 to 2014.
c. How did Leo Varadkar become the Leader of Fine Gael? He became the Leader of Fine Gael after Enda Kenny resigned as party leader in the 2017 Fine Gael leadership election, winning the election with 60% of the vote.
d. What was the role of the Leader of Fine Gael before Leo Varadkar? The Leader of Fine Gael is the most senior politician within the Fine Gael political party in Ireland and holds significant influence within the party and in Irish politics.



105
New Questions:
a. George Raft starred in which 1945 film?
b. Who played the role of Johnny Angel in the 1945 film noir "Johnny Angel"?
c. In the context of the 1945 film "Johnny Angel", who was the director?
d. The movie "Johnny Angel" in 1945 featured which American actor as the leading role?



106
a. Three Men on a Horse is a play by George Abbott and John Cecil Holm. It is not known for certain the birth year of either of these playwrights.
b. The playwright of Three Men on a Horse was born in different years. While George Abbott's birth year is not publicly known, John Cecil Holm's birth year can be researched to provide an answer to this question.
c. The specific birth year of the playwright who wrote Three Men on a Horse is not publicly known. Both George Abbott and John Cecil Holm are possibilities, but further research would be needed to determine the answer.
d. George Abbott, one of the possible authors of "Three Men on a Horse", was born in 1887. However, there is no definite answer to the birth year of the other possible author, John Cecil Holm, so we cannot be certain about the exact birth year of the playwright.



107
New Questions:
a. What are the investing principles outlined by Warren Buffett in The Warren Buffett Way?
b. What is the purpose of the Howard G. Buffett Foundation?
c. Can you describe Susan Buffett's role in philanthropy?
d. Explain how owner earnings is used in business valuation as explained by Warren Buffett.
e. What role did Susan Alice Buffett play in the Sherwood Foundation?



108
a. The former Indian cricketer Zaheer Khan was born on October 7, 1978.
b. The cricketer who made his ODI debut during the 2000 ICC KnockOut Trophy was born in 1978. Can you provide more context or specify the name of the cricketer?
c. The birthdate of the former Indian cricketer who made his ODI debut during the 2000 ICC KnockOut Trophy is October 7, 1978.
d. The famous Indian cricketer, whose ODI debut occurred during the 2000 ICC KnockOut Trophy, was born in 1978.



109
a. What aircraft was tested by the 413th Flight Test Squadron at Duke Field, Eglin Air Force Base, Florida?
b. What type of aircraft was tested by the 486th Flight Test Squadron at Eglin Air Force Base?
c. What was the primary mission of the 415th Flight Test Flight at Randolph Field?
d. What airplane did the 370th Flight Test Squadron test at Edwards Air Force Base?



110
Based on a True Story... is an album by American country music artist Blake Shelton, with the single "My Eyes".



111
a. How many centuries did it take to build the residence of the gods in Norse mythology?
b. How many years did the Montezuma Castle National Monument's dwellings last?
c. How many centuries did the construction of the Tabernacle take?
d. In the context of the "Flaming Feather" movie, how many days did it take to shoot the film?



112
a. When was the author of the novel "Here We Go Round the Mulberry Bush" born?
b. When was Hunter Davies born?
c. What is Hunter Davies's position in the literary world?
d. What other works has Hunter Davies written besides "Here We Go Round the Mulberry Bush"?



113
New Questions:
a. George Archainbaud和Ralph Murphy谁先去世的？
b. 在电影行业中，George Archainbaud与哪位演员合作得最多？是否与他有什么特别合作？
c. 对于George Archainbaud导演的影片，哪部影片是他最成功的作品？
d. 相比其他导演，George Archainbaud的电影风格有何独特之处？他导演的电影中哪个元素或细节最为出色？



114
New Questions:
a. What compound in the Tridite explosive mixture has the formula (ON)CHOH?
b. In the context of Picric acid, what is its IUPAC name?
c. What is the name of the compound that is obtained by oxidation of the aldehyde functional group of an aldose?
d. What is the general formula of aldonic acids?



115
New Questions:
a. The 1940 PGA Championship winner, Byron Nelson, has won how many PGA tournaments?
b. The record holder of the Northern California PGA Championship has won how many tournaments?
c. How many victories did Mark Fry hold for the Northern California PGA Championship?
d. What is the name of the person who won the most tournaments in the Middle Atlantic PGA Championship?



116
a. The first studio album by Suicide from 1977 features a song named "Ghost Rider" which is based on the Marvel Comics character Ghost Rider.
b. The song "Ghost Rider" on the 1977 album by Suicide is based on the comic character from Marvel Comics known as the Ghost Rider.
c. The Suicide album from 1977, titled "Suicide", features a song that is based on the Marvel Comics character known as the Ghost Rider.
d. In the 1977 album by Suicide, there is a song named "Ghost Rider," which is based on a comic character from Marvel Comics.



117
a. What political position did Hannah Gale hold in Canada?
b. What is the role of the Attorney in the case of Attorney misconduct?
c. What position did Chris Van Hollen serve in the United States House of Representatives prior to becoming a senator?
d. What is the current position of the person who introduced the Modernization of Investigative Techniques Act?



118
a. Are the bands Skin Yard and Gruntruck from the U.S.?
b. Were the members of Skin Yard American citizens?
c. Were the music group Skin Yard active in America?
d. Ostava band members come from which country?



119
a. Yes, Daryl Hall and Gerry Marsden are both musicians.
b. Daryl Hall is a musician and songwriter, while Gerry Marsden is an English musician and television personality.
c. Both Daryl Hall and Gerry Marsden are known for their musical contributions and performances.
d. Daryl Hall is known for his work with Hall & Oates, while Gerry Marsden gained fame as the leader of Gerry and the Pacemakers.



120
New Questions:
a. What is the primary truck route in Logan Township in New Jersey?
b. What major road connects Backford Cross to the surrounding areas?
c. What is the name of the tunnel that was driven by the Portland and Southwestern Railroad?
d. What road connects the A550 at Woodbank to the M56?



121
New Questions:
a. In which role did Anne Heche star in the 2005 Hallmark Entertainment made-for-television drama film "Silver Bells"?
b. What was the title of the Hallmark Entertainment movie that La Femme Musketeer originally premiered on?
c. What was the name of the character that Caroline Carver played in the 1999 made-for-TV fantasy movie "The Magical Legend of the Leprechauns"?
d. What was the role of Chris Larkin in the short film "You Me and Captain Longbridge"?
e. In which movie did Caroline Carver play Princess Jessica?
f. What is the name of the character played by Bridget Fonda in the 2002 made-for-television film "Snow Queen"?



122
New Questions:
a. What is the title of the computer animated musical fantasy film featuring the voice of Sarah Bolger, directed by Karen Lloyd and released by Universal Studios Home Entertainment?
b. In which film did Sarah Bolger play Princess Aurora?
c. What is the name of the series of books that the film "The Spiderwick Chronicles" is based on?
d. What is the name of the character played by Sarah Bolger in "Stormbreaker"?



123
New Questions:
a. Maxeda has been owned since 2004 by which American private equity firm led by a consortium of investors?
b. Since 2004, which American firm has owned Maxeda, which is a Dutch retail group?
c. Name the American private equity firm that has owned Maxeda since 2004. What is the firm known for?
d. Maxeda, a Dutch retail group, has been under the ownership of which American private equity firm since 2004?



124
a. Cressida Bonas, the youngest daughter of Lady Mary-Gaye Curzon, stars in the 2017 film "Bottom of the World". The film also stars Douglas Smith and Lucien Laviscount.
b. Cressida Bonas, who is the youngest daughter of Lady Mary-Gaye Curzon, featured in the 2017 film "Chainsaw," along with Douglas Smith and Lucien Laviscount.
c. Cressida Bonas, as an English actress, has co-starred in a 2017 film with Douglas Smith and Lucien Laviscount. What is the name of this film?
d. In the 2017 film that Cressida Bonas stars in with Douglas Smith and Lucien Laviscount, what role does she play?



125
a. Mummulgum is a stop on the Bruxner Highway before reaching the town on the banks of the Clarence River.
b. Which town is located on the banks of the river after Mummulgum on the Bruxner Highway?
c. Tabulam is a stop on the Bruxner Highway, which other significant place is it between?
d. The village of Bonshaw is located on the Bruxner Highway between which two cities?



126
a. Which American audio engineer and former member of the Grateful Dead recorded the album "Old and in the Way"?
b. Who was the audio engineer for the rock band Grateful Dead, who played a pivotal role in the counterculture of the 1960s and recorded the album "Old and in the Way"?
c. The album "Old and in the Way" was recorded by which famous American audio engineer who was known for his work with the Grateful Dead?
d. Identify the audio engineer who recorded the album "Old and in the Way" and was involved in the San Francisco Bay Area counterculture during the 1960s.



127
a. When was Haripur Barabari palace founded?
b. What year did Mike Dunbar die?
c. When did George II, Earl of March hold his titles?
d. When did Spynie Palace start being the fortified seat of the Bishops of Moray?



128
a. Bubblegum Alley is located in downtown San Luis Obispo, California.
b. The Bubblegum Alley is a tourist attraction in San Francisco, known for its accumulation of used bubble gum on the walls of an alley.
c. The Bubblegum Alley is a popular place in northern California where visitors can find walls covered with chewing gum.
d. The Bubblegum Alley is situated in the city of Los Angeles, renowned for its unique attraction of having walls covered with used bubble gum.



129
a. The January 2, 2012 game featured the University of Louisville team at Papa John's Cardinal Stadium.
b. The 2012 game at the University of Louisville was played at their home stadium, known as Cardinal Stadium.
c. On January 2, 2012, the University of Louisville team played at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome in New Orleans for the Sugar Bowl.
d. The 2012 game saw the University of Louisville compete at the Cotton Bowl Classic in Dallas, Texas.



130
a. LaLee's Kin: The Legacy of Cotton was nominated for Best Documentary Feature at the 74th Academy Awards.
b. Gimme Shelter, the 1970 Rolling Stones documentary was nominated for Oscars.
c. Which of the two films, LaLee's Kin: The Legacy of Cotton or Gimme Shelter, received a nomination at the Academy Awards?
d. The documentary film LaLee's Kin: The Legacy of Cotton was nominated at the Oscars for what category?



131
New Questions:
a. Which board game was released in 2006?
b. Among the games designed by Klaus Teuber, which one is a card game adaptation?
c. What is the board game "Catan Dice Game Plus" known for?
d. The game "Elasund" is part of which series? What is the name of the series?
e. Which board game, based on the novel "The Settlers of Catan," is designed for children?



132
a. Alice David is the voice of Lara Croft in a video game developed by Core Design.
b. Alice David is the voice of Lara Croft in a video game developed by Square Enix.
c. Alice David is the voice of Lara Croft in a game developed by Crystal Dynamics.
d. Alice David is the voice of Lara Croft in a game that was developed by Eidos Interactive before it became part of Square Enix.



133
a. "Encore" was the album that included vocals from a singer who had an album titled "Unapologetic".

b. The singer who had an album titled "Unapologetic" was Rihanna, and she contributed vocals to Eminem's song "Numb" which was included on the album "The Marshall Mathers LP 2".



134
New Questions:
a. This American crime film set in South Los Angeles was written by David Ayer, who also directed which other film?
b. David Ayer, the director of an American crime film set in South Los Angeles, also wrote which other film?
c. The director of the crime film "End of Watch" also wrote and directed a film set in South Los Angeles. What was the name of that film?
d. The director of "Sabotage" also wrote and directed a crime drama set in which city?



135
a. SuperMansion did not feature any actress who had a recurring role on Workaholics.
b. Jillian Bell had a recurring role as Jillian Belk on the TV series Workaholics. However, she did not star in SuperMansion.
c. The actress who starred in SuperMansion and had a recurring role on Workaholics was Heidi Gardner. In Workaholics, she played the character's boss.
d. The actress who had a recurring role on Workaholics and starred in SuperMansion was Bryan Cranston's character's love interest in the show. Her name was not revealed in either show.



136
a. The 1974 Texas Tech Raiders football team represented Texas Tech University in Lubbock, Texas.
b. The football team of 1974 played at the Clifford B. & Audrey Jones Stadium located on the campus of Texas Tech University in Lubbock, Texas.
c. The 1974 Texas Tech Red Raiders football team represented the flagship institution of the Texas Tech University System, which is a public research university in Lubbock, Texas.
d. In 1974, the Texas Tech Red Raiders football team played their home games at Jones AT&T Stadium on the campus of their public research university in Lubbock, Texas.



137
a. During the Siege of Bharatpur, the Commander-in-Chief who contributed to the storming of the castle was Sir Stapleton Cotton, 1st Viscount Combermere.
b. During the event, there were multiple commanders involved, but no specific mention was made of a Commander-in-Chief of Ireland. The role of Commander-in-Chief, India was held by Sir Stapleton Cotton, who contributed to the storming of the castle in Bharatpur.
c. During the Siege of Bharatpur, no specific Commander-in-Chief of Ireland was mentioned to have contributed to the storming of the castle. However, the Commander-in-Chief who led the British forces and successfully storming the castle was Stapleton Cotton, who later became Commander-in-Chief in India.
d. The storming of Bharatpur castle during the Siege of Bharatpur was led by Commander-in-Chief Stapleton Cotton. He was the commander who led the British forces and successfully captured the fort. No specific mention was made of a Commander-in-Chief of Ireland contributing to the storming of the castle.



138
a. For seasonal television specials, particularly its work in stop motion animation.

The production company for The Year Without a Santa Claus is best known for its work in seasonal television specials, particularly its stop motion animation. This information is directly stated in the context provided for the question.



139
a. What year was the release of the film "Mystery Girl"?
b. What year did the musical comedy TV series "The Naked Brothers Band" premiere?
c. In which year did the movie "The Fault in Our Stars" come out?
d. What is the release year of the soundtrack album "I Don't Want to Go to School"?



140
a. Which British University did Jane Rule attend?
b. Which university did Liza Featherstone study at?
c. Which university was Kate Millett part of in her educational career?
d. Can you tell me about the university that Kate Millett studied at in the UK?



141
a. What is Roberta Vinci's best career singles ranking?
b. What was Jorge Lozano's highest career singles ranking?
c. Compare Roberta Vinci's and Jorge Lozano's career singles rankings. Who had the better ranking?



142
a. Teach the Controversy campaign
b. Every Voice campaign
c. Campaign finance reform
d. Rise Above campaign
e. No local talent to embrace campaign



143
a. Josey Scott was convicted of any crime that caused his career in Saliva to suffer.
b. Ian Watkins was charged with sexual offenses and was subsequently incarcerated, which impacted his career in Lostprophets.
c. Josey Scott was incarcerated for a drug crime and is no longer part of Saliva.
d. Ian Watkins was arrested for driving under the influence and lost his position in Lostprophets.



144
New Questions:
a. The movies Queen of Blood and Battle Beyond the Sun share scenes from the 1959 Soviet science fiction film "Nebo Zovyot". What are some notable plot points in this film?

b. Both Queen of Blood and Battle Beyond the Sun are known to reuse special effects footage from a certain 1959 Soviet feature. Can you provide a brief overview of this feature's plot?

c. In the context of the science fiction films of the Soviet Union in the late 1950s and early 1960s, what other films shared similar themes or plots with Queen of Blood and Battle Beyond the Sun?

d. Given that both Queen of Blood and Battle Beyond the Sun draw from a specific Soviet feature film of 1959, how do these films adapt or adapt aspects of that original work for their own narrative?



145
a. Erika Jayne was born first. She was born on July 10, 1971.

b. Marco Da Silva was born on April 5, 1982.



146
a. The Reading Post changed its name in 2009 from Reading Evening Post.
b. The Reading Post has never changed its name and it was always named as Reading Post.
c. The name of the Reading Post was changed in the early 20th century.
d. The exact date is not known, but the Reading Post changed its name some time in the last few years.



147
a. What is the name of the region where Aonghus Mór was a leading figure, and it covered a total land area of over 8300 km²?

b. Which title was Aonghus Mór regarded to have styled himself in the historical record?

c. What was the designation of "of Islay" used for by the lords of Islay and later members of the clan?

d. What is the total land area of the region where Aonghus Mór was from, and how many islands does it consist of?



148
New Questions:
a. Bruce Spizer is recognized as an expert on which band, who is widely regarded as the most influential act of the rock era?
b. Who is known as the foremost band of the rock era and is perceived as an embodiment of the ideals shared by the counterculture of the 1960s?
c. Regarding Marsha Albert's influence on The Beatles, what is Bruce Spizer's current view on her actions?
d. Who was an American rock band that formed in Hawthorne, California in 1961 and often experimented with various musical styles and innovative techniques?



149
a. What was the title of the song that was Alan Jackson's first single from his album "A Lot About Livin' (And a Little 'bout Love)"?

b. Which song from the album "Steers &amp; Stripes" spent six weeks at the top of the country charts?

c. Name the song that was co-written by Alan Jackson and Randy Travis, and released as a single from Randy Travis's album "High Lonesome"?

d. Which song from Brooks & Dunn's "Steers &amp; Stripes" album became the duo's biggest hit, reaching #25 on the Billboard Hot 100?



150
New Questions:
a. What profession did David Yates and an Italian filmmaker named Carlos have in common?
b. What profession did David Yates share with an Italian director of multiple films in the 1960s?
c. How would you describe the shared occupation of David Yates and the director of "Divorce Italian Style"?
d. What is the profession that David Yates and the Italian director known for his work on multiple films in various genres had in common?



151
a. 1901
b. 1953
c. 1973
d. 1981
e. None of the above
Answer: a. 1901.



152
New Questions:
a. The type of lamp that was used by Arctic peoples such as the Inuit is similar to what type of lamp patented in 1780?
b. What is the name of the lamp used in lighthouses that was invented by Winslow Lewis and featured a parabolic reflector?
c. A trouble light, also known as a rough service light, is designed to illuminate what?
d. The Hefner lamp is used in what field and what type of fuel does it burn?



153
a. The songs from the soundtrack to "When Harry Met Sally" are performed by Harry Connick Jr., who has had seven top 20 US albums.
b. The artist who performed the songs for the soundtrack of "When Harry Met Sally" has had ten number-one US jazz albums, which is more than any other artist in US jazz chart history.
c. Harry Connick Jr., the performer of the "When Harry Met Sally" soundtrack, has sold over 28 million albums worldwide and is ranked among the top 60 best-selling male artists in the United States.
d. The singer who did the soundtrack for "When Harry Met Sally..." has had so many successful albums that he has been awarded a Grammy for his outstanding performance in the music industry.



154
New Questions:
a. Are both Blood Red Broughtonia and Laeliocattleya orchids?
b. Can you tell me if Broughtonia sanguinea and Laeliocattleya are both in the same genus?
c. Is Laeliocattleya a genus in the Orchidaceae family like Broughtonia?
d. Are Laeliocattleya and Broughtonia both known for their beauty in the orchid world?



155
a. The world cup hosted in 2014 was where Algeria qualified for the first time into the round of 16.
b. The last World Cup where Algeria qualified for the round of 16 was in 2014.
c. In which year did Algeria make it to the round of 16 for the first time? The answer is the 2014 FIFA World Cup.
d. Algeria reached the round of 16 in which year? They did so in the 2014 FIFA World Cup.



156
a. The Seven Days Battles were fought earlier in our nation's history than the Battle of Manila.
b. The Battle of Manila was fought earlier than the Seven Days Battles.
c. The two battles took place at the same time in history.
d. It is impossible to determine which battle took place earlier in history.

Explanation: The Seven Days Battles occurred during the American Civil War, specifically from June 25 to July 1, 1862. The Battle of Manila, on the other hand, took place during World War II, specifically from February 3 to March 3, 1945. Therefore, the Seven Days Battles were fought earlier in history.



157
a. Lush Ltd. is a retailer in ABQ Uptown that is headquarted in Poole, Dorset, United Kingdom.



158
a. Manchester United F.C. plays in the area between the old tool gates: Brook Bar and Trafford bar.

b. No football club plays in the area between Brook Bar and Trafford Bar. The crossroads sites of these two old toll gates roughly delineate the borders of Old Trafford, an area in Stretford, Greater Manchester, England.

c. The football club that plays in the area between Brook Bar and Trafford Bar is not mentioned in the provided context.

d. Gorse Hill is an area in Stretford, within the Trafford borough of Greater Manchester, England, and it shares a border with Old Trafford ward, which is home to Manchester United F.C. However, it is not specified whether Gorse Hill itself is the football club playing in the area between the old tool gates: Brook Bar and Trafford bar.



159
a. The song "Chim Chim Cher-ee" can be heard in the "Mary Poppins" scene of The Great Movie Ride at Disney's Hollywood Studios, which debuted in 1989.
b. In 1989, the attraction "The Great Movie Ride" at Disney's Hollywood Studios featured the song "Chim Chim Cher-ee" in the "Mary Poppins" scene.
c. The year 1989 is when the ride attraction The Great Movie Ride, which includes the "Mary Poppins" scene with the song "Chim Chim Cher-ee", debuted at Disney's Hollywood Studios.
d. In the Disney ride, The Great Movie Ride, which debuted in 1989, one can hear the song "Chim Chim Cher-ee" in the "Mary Poppins" scene.



160
a. Who was the first woman member of the Australian parliament to serve in both houses, and who surpassed her in terms of the longest service?

b. Identify the Australian politician who previously held the record for the longest service in the Australian Parliament for a woman and was later outstripped by Bronwyn Bishop.

c. Who was the Australian politician that Bronwyn Bishop surpassed in terms of the longest service in the Australian Parliament for a woman?

d. Please provide the name of the Australian politician who held the record for the longest service in the Australian Parliament for a woman before Bronwyn Bishop?



161
a. Sir Frank P. Lowy presented the Australia 2022 FIFA World Cup bid.
b. The man who presented the Australia 2022 FIFA World Cup bid was not born on October 22, 1930.
c. The person who led the Australia 2022 FIFA World Cup bid was Frank Lowy.
d. Frank Lowy was born on October 22, 1930 and was a key part of the Australia 2022 FIFA World Cup bid team.



162
a. What major city is Faith Lutheran College in Redlands located by?
b. What is the major city where Summerlin, Nevada is located?
c. What is the largest city in the vicinity of Faith Lutheran High School in Crystal Lake?
d. The school Faith Lutheran Middle School and High School is located near which major city in Nevada?



163
a. What was the host of the 2014 Young Hollywood Awards?
b. Who hosted the Nickelodeon Kids Choice Awards 2003?
c. In what year was the host of the Kids Choice Awards last time to host?
d. Who was the host of the 16th Kids Choice Awards?



164
a. Sean Yseult married Chris Lee.

b. Chris Lee is Sean Yseult's husband. They have played together in bands before, and Sean currently plays in Star and Dagger.

c. Sean Yseult married a member of the band White Zombie.

d. According to the provided context, there is no information regarding who the Star and Dagger bass player married.



165
a. In 2017, what was 3/4th of the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) spent on?
b. What organization has a Center for Veterinary Medicine as well as part of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services?
c. How much did the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services report spending on the organization mentioned in the previous question in 2017?



166
a. Dinosaur (film) was released first. It is a 2000 American CGI animated adventure film.

b. McFarland, USA is a 2015 American sports drama film.



167
New Questions:
a. Both Bishop Connor Catholic High School and St. Joseph's Catholic High School are located in which city in New York?
b. In which city of Ohio is both Holy Family Catholic High School and St. Peter's Catholic High School located?
c. Both Holy Cross Catholic High School and St. Mary's Catholic High School are situated in which city in Texas?
d. What is the capital city where both Good Shepherd Catholic High School and St. Anthony's Catholic High School are situated in Texas?



168
a. What was the outcome of the 2020 United States presidential election?
b. When did the 2020 presidential election take place?
c. Who were the presidential candidates in the 2020 election?
d. What were the concurrent elections held on November 8th in the 2020 presidential election?



169
a. This Celtic ruler who was born in AD 43 in the region of southeastern Britain ruled before the Roman Empire conquered the area.
b. Which historical figure controlled southeastern Britain in AD 43 before the Roman Empire?
c. Prior to the Roman conquest, who was the Celtic ruler of southeastern Britain in AD 43?
d. The Celtic leader who controlled southeastern Britain before the Roman Empire's conquest in AD 43 was who?



170
New Questions:
a. What is the name of the author of '"Q" Is for Quarry'?
b. In Sue Grafton's series, who is the protagonist and what city does he reside in?
c. Can you tell me about the family background of June Thomson?
d. Who is Kinsey Millhone's parent in the Alphabet series? What influence did their writing have on their crime novels?
e. Can you tell me about Andy Straka's early career before he turned to writing crime novels?



171
New Questions:
a. What is the birthplace of Senator Flanagan who represents New York's 2nd State Senate district?
b. Where did the person who currently represents New York's 3rd State Senate district grow up?
c. In which city does Steven Bradford, a California State Senator, currently reside?
d. Where did Andrea Stewart-Cousins, New York State Senator, receive her education prior to her election to the New York State Senate?



172
a. The Memphis Hustle are based in a suburb of Southaven, Mississippi which had a population of 48,982 in 2010.
b. The Memphis Hustle basketball team is based in a suburb of Memphis, a city that had a population of over 1 million in 2010.
c. The Memphis Hustle are located in Southaven, Mississippi, a city with an estimated population of approximately 50,000 people in 2010.
d. The Memphis Hustle basketball team is situated in a suburb of Southaven, Mississippi, which had a population of around 45,000 in 2010.



173
a. What songwriting team wrote the music for the film "La La Land"?

b. Which songwriters composed the lyrics for "A Christmas Story: The Musical"?

c. Who is responsible for composing the music of the film "La La Land" and also wrote lyrics for another musical?

d. Name the songwriting pair that wrote the music for "La La Land" and contributed lyrics to a different musical adaptation.



174
a. Which city is located at the south of Shelly Beach, New South Wales and is a part of the Central Coast Council local government area?
b. What is the name of the local government area located in the Hunter region of New South Wales that includes a city located south of Shelly Beach, New South Wales?
c. Which city in the Hunter region of New South Wales is located south of Shelly Beach, New South Wales and has a role in supplying potable water for the Hunter region?
d. Could you please identify a city in the Hunter region of New South Wales that is situated south of Shelly Beach, New South Wales?



175
a. Yes, both Bamboo Mañalac and Danny Jones are musicians.
b. Bamboo Mañalac is a Filipino American musician and singer-songwriter, while Danny Jones is a British musician who is one of the lead vocalists and guitarists for the pop-rock band McFly.
c. Both artists have played in different bands and have contributed to music in their own way.
d. In terms of their profession, both are musicians and have gained recognition in their respective fields.



176
New Questions:
a. Works by Hanna Leena Kristiina Varis are part of a collection in a museum that also features one of the largest print rooms in the world, housing approximately 65,000 drawings and one million old master prints. What is the name of this museum?

b. The museum where Hanna Leena Kristiina Varis' works are part of a collection, also displays modern graphic works, photographs, and architectural drawings. How many collections has this museum recently acquired on permanent loan?

c. The city where the museum that features Hanna Leena Kristiina Varis' works is located is known for its traditional street markets. Can you tell me the name of one such market?

d. The market in Seoul where many of Hanna Leena Kristiina Varis' works are sold features how many shops and how many daily visitors on average?



177
a. When did the Old Frisian language that was spoken in the area where the settlement on the river Leda opposite Leer is located develop?

b. What is the origin of the name of the town of Leer in Germany, which is situated on the river Leda?

c. What is the earliest recorded form of Low German, a language closely related to Old Saxon and spoken in Northern Germany?

d. How did the West Germanic language branch influence the development of the language spoken in the settlement on the river Leda in Germany?



178
a. Born on 6 March 1937, he was a citizen of Great Britain and a prominent business figure.

b. Born on the same day as William Bonfield, this man was also a British scientist who specialized in materials research.

c. This woman, born on March 6th, 1937, was the first woman to travel in space and was chosen from over 400 applicants to pilot a space mission.

d. On March 6th, 1937, this person was born in Basra, Iraq and is now a renowned French composer and conductor.



179
a. What is the relationship between Hatton Hill and Hatton Castle in Angus, Scotland?
b. What is the significance of Hatton Hill in Angus, Scotland?
c. Can you provide more information about Hatton Castle in Angus?
d. What makes Hatton Castle in Angus unique or notable?



180
a. The Drop-In (podcast) has had Chris Hardwick, the chief executive officer of Nerdist Industries, as a guest.
b. In "@midnight with Chris Hardwick", a comedy-game show series on Comedy Central, Chris Hardwick, the CEO of Nerdist Industries, was a host and may have had guests on the show.
c. The Nerdist Podcast hosted by Chris Hardwick often features notable comedians or entertainers as guests. Chris Hardwick is the CEO of Nerdist Industries.
d. The podcast "Talking Dead", an hourly aftershow on AMC, affiliated with the zombie drama series "The Walking Dead", features Chris Hardwick, CEO of Nerdist Industries, as its host. It is possible that he was a guest on other podcasts related to the show.



181
a. Randall Cunningham II was a multi-sport athlete at Bishop Gorman High School located in Summerlin, Nevada.
b. What is the name of the high school where Randall Cunningham II was a multi-sport athlete? He was an athlete at Bishop Gorman High School in Summerlin, Nevada.
c. Bishop Gorman High School, where Randall Cunningham II was a multi-sport athlete, is located in which Nevada city? It is located in Summerlin, Nevada.
d. Randall Cunningham II participated in multiple sports at Bishop Gorman High School, which is situated in which Nevada city? He participated in multiple sports at Bishop Gorman High School in Summerlin, Nevada.



182
a. George Harrison is known for both the songs "See Yourself" and "Within You Without You".

Explanation:
George Harrison is the English musician who wrote and released both the songs "See Yourself" and "Within You Without You". Therefore, he is the answer to this question.



183
a. The Captain of the National Hockey League All-Star Game "Away Team" plays the professional ice hockey position of center.
b. The Captain of the National Hockey League All-Star Game "Away Team" plays the professional ice hockey position of defense.
c. The Captain of the National Hockey League All-Star Game "Away Team" plays the professional ice hockey position of forward.
d. It cannot be determined from the given information which professional ice hockey position the Captain of the Away Team plays.



184
a. The series on CBS that starred the actor known for his role in "Rebel Without a Cause" aired in 1952.
b. What year did the CBS Television Workshop, which featured early television appearances of several well-known actors including the one known for his role in "Rebel Without a Cause," air? The CBS Television Workshop aired from January to April in 1952.
c. The CBS Television Workshop, which included the actor who starred in "Rebel Without a Cause", had a run on CBS from which years? The actor who starred in "Rebel Without a Cause" featured in the CBS Television Workshop which aired on CBS from January to April in 1952.
d. The CBS Television series, that included an actor famous for playing in the movie "Rebel Without a Cause", was released in what year? The CBS Television series that included an actor famous for playing in the movie "Rebel Without a Cause" aired between January and April of 1952.



185
New Questions:
a. 在《乐高幻影忍者大电影》中，谁是被引入并在接下来的电影中被塑造成主要对手的角色？这个角色是由谁创造的？该电影是基于哪个先前动画系列改编而成的，该系列是在哪一年首次播出的？
b. 在动画系列《小福贵》中，描述一下主角小福贵在某个特定季节（例如春季）所经历的主要冒险事件。请包含在这个特定季节他遇到的主要人物和他所面临的挑战。这个事件是该动画系列的第几季？
c. 《海贼王》中的草帽海贼团在冒险过程中遇到了哪些主要的对手团体？他们背后的故事或者和主角们发生冲突的情节是什么？请在故事情节中与大海盗时代相关的背景下描述。
d. 在《异形：星际觉醒》这部科幻片中，外星生物首次出现是在哪个场景？这个场景对主角和整个故事的发展产生了怎样的影响？外星生物首次出现的原因是什么？它背后有什么特殊含义或隐喻吗？这个场景反映了怎样的主题或观点？请结合电影内容进行深入分析。
e. 在《阿凡达》系列中，描述一下潘多拉星球上的生态系统与自然力量的平衡。描述一个潘多拉星球居民如何通过与自然环境互动来维持这种平衡的故事情节。并谈谈这种与自然和谐共存的理念在电影中的意义和重要性。



186
a. The directors of the 2009 American science fiction film that starred the actor who played Dexter Morgan in the Showtime TV Network series "Dexter" are Mark Neveldine and Brian Taylor.
b. In the Showtime TV series "Dexter," the character of Dexter Morgan was played by Michael C. Hall.
c. The 2009 American science fiction film you are referring to is "Gamer," which stars Gerard Butler as well as Michael C. Hall.
d. The science fiction film "Gamer" was directed by Mark Neveldine and Brian Taylor, both of whom are renowned for their work in the action and science fiction genres.



187
a. Hidden America with Jonah Ray featured American actor, comedian, and radio host best known as the host of "The Joe Schmo Show".
b. What travel show hosted by an actor known for his role in "The Joe Schmo Show" parodies the style of Anthony Bourdain's travel show?
c. In which travel series did Ralph Garman, known for his work on "The Joe Schmo Show", make an appearance?
d. The American comedian and actor who starred in "The Joe Schmo Show" and is known for his work on television series such as "The Parkers," is featured in which travel parody series?



188
a. The Importance of Being Icelandic and The Five Obstructions do not necessarily belong to different film genres. While The Importance of Being Icelandic is a documentary film, The Five Obstructions is a documentary film that also incorporates experimental film sections, so they both belong to the documentary film genre with some differences in sub-genres or approaches.

b. The Importance of Being Icelandic is a documentary film tracing the steps of three Icelandic Canadians discovering their Icelandic heritage, while The Five Obstructions is a documentary film with sections of experimental films. While both films are documentaries, they explore different themes and styles within the genre, making them distinct from each other.

c. Yes, The Importance of Being Icelandic and The Five Obstructions do not belong to the same film genre. The Importance of Being Icelandic is a documentary film, while The Five Obstructions is a blend of documentary and experimental film.

d. The Importance of Being Icelandic and The Five Obstructions are both films, but they belong to different subgenres or categories within the broader genre of documentary films. The Importance of Being Icelandic is a traditional documentary, while The Five Obstructions incorporates elements of experimental film within its documentary format.



189
a. Tefik Selim Mborja was a part of the Albanian Fascist Party which held power in Albania until 1943.
b. Tefik Selim Mborja was a member of the Albanian Fascist Party which lost power in Albania in the early 1940s. The exact year may vary depending on specific historical accounts.
c. Tefik Selim Mborja was involved with the Albanian Fascist Party, which held power in Albania until World War II ended in 1945.
d. Tefik Selim Mborja was a member of a party that held power in Albania until 1939, when the country was conquered by Italy.



190
a. Joe Walker played for the University of Oregon football team that ends their regular season with the Civil War rivalry game against the Oregon State Beavers.
b. The Ducks of the University of Oregon also ends their regular season with the Civil War rivalry game against the Oregon State Beavers.
c. In the Civil War rivalry game, the University of Oregon's football team, known as the Ducks, faces off against the Oregon State University's Beavers.
d. Joe Walker played for the Ducks and faced the Beavers in the annual Civil War game that concludes the regular season for both teams.



191
New Questions:
a. What network broadcast the TV series "Boston Common"?
b. What was the rating of "Boston Common" in its first season?
c. What was the position of "Boston Common" in the yearly ratings after its second season?
d. Who co-created "Will & Grace" along with David Kohan?
e. How many seasons did "Will & Grace" run for on NBC?
f. What was the name of the character played by James Carroll in "Wind at My Back"?
g. What was the name of the radio station where James Carroll worked as a host before his death?
h. What is the name of the first episode of "Will & Grace"?
i. When did the TV series "Partners" premiere on CBS?
j. What show was introduced as a part of NBC's winter 2006 programming but cancelled before the end of the season?



192
Georges-Henri Bousquet translated the work of a historian who is of Muslim heritage, specifically the work of Ibn Khaldun, a North African Arab historiographer.



193
a. What is the location of the headquarters of the company where Ravi Sethi worked as a computer scientist?
b. What is the name of the American research company where Ravi Sethi was employed as a computer scientist, and where are their headquarters?
c. Can you tell me the city where the main office of the company in which Ravi Sethi served as a computer scientist is located?
d. Please provide the location of the main office of the company where computer scientist Ravi Sethi used to work?



194
a. What is the full name of the viral respiratory disease that Yi Guan studied and whose outbreak was successfully prevented by the Chinese government due to his research?

b. Can you provide more information about the viral respiratory disease that Yi Guan focused on?

c. Yi Guan's research on a specific viral respiratory disease helped avert a potential outbreak in 2004. What is the name of this disease?

d. How did Yi Guan's research on SARS allow the Chinese government to successfully prevent the 2004 outbreak of a viral respiratory disease?



195
a. Winfred Blevins is the author who has had works published by Dim Gray Bar Press and is also a part of Kentucky Writers Hall of Fame.
b. No author who has been a part of Kentucky Writers Hall of Fame has had works published by Dim Gray Bar Press.
c. None of the authors listed are known to have had works published by Dim Gray Bar Press.
d. We don't have enough information to determine which Kentucky Writers Hall of Fame author has had works published by Dim Gray Bar Press.



196
a. In the case of the film "1920", what director worked with Vikram Bhatt on a film featuring Rajneesh Duggal and Adah Sharma?
b. Who was the director of the movie that featured Rajneesh Duggal in a leading role, and which other actors co-starred in the film?
c. Which film had Vikram Bhatt as its director, and it starred Rajneesh Duggal in a story revolving around supernatural powers?
d. Name a film that had Rajneesh Duggal as a leading actor, and it was directed by someone other than Vikram Bhatt?



197
a. What is the city where General Mills is headquartered?
b. Which city is RetailMeNot, Inc. headquartered in?
c. In what city is the multinational company Teleperformance headquartered?
d. Where is Hyrum W. Smith's Franklin Quest Company headquartered?



198
a. The character from the Son of al Quada got a settlement in 2017 with an amount of $10.5 million (USD 8 million).
b. This information is not available in the given context.
c. The character received a settlement check of $15 in 2017.
d. The settlement amount was not specified in the context provided.



199
a. Cyclone Donna

b. 1999 Odisha cyclone

c. Cyclone Anne

d. Cyclone Hondo
Explanation:
Cyclone Anne was one of the most intense tropical cyclones within the South Pacific basin during the 1980s, and a film named "Kathantara" was made about it in 2007. The film focused on the tribulations caused by the 1999 Odisha cyclone. Therefore, the answer is Cyclone Anne.



